pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('tie')|","tie"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are several ways to tie a tie, but one of the most popular and easy-to-learn methods is the four-in-hand knot. Here are the steps to tie a tie using the four-in-hand knot:Start with the wide end of the tie on your right side and the narrow end on your left. Make sure the wide end is longer than the narrow end.Cross the wide end over the narrow end.Bring the wide end up and over the narrow end again.Pull the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Hold the knot with your left hand and use your right hand to bring the wide end down in front of the knot.Bring the wide end up and oveContinue ReadingThere are several ways to tie a tie, but one of the most popular and easy-to-learn methods is the four-in-hand knot. Here are the steps to tie a tie using the four-in-hand knot:Start with the wide end of the tie on your right side and the narrow end on your left. Make sure the wide end is longer than the narrow end.Cross the wide end over the narrow end.Bring the wide end up and over the narrow end again.Pull the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Hold the knot with your left hand and use your right hand to bring the wide end down in front of the knot.Bring the wide end up and over the knot from behind.Bring the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Adjust the knot by pulling on the wide end and sliding the knot up towards your collar.Straighten your collar and adjust the tie as needed.Once you have tied the knot, make sure the tie is centered and the knot is tight but not too tight. A well-tied tie can help you look polished and put-together for any occasion.","here are several ways to tie a tie, but one of the most popular and easy-to-learn methods is the four-in-hand knot. Here are the steps to tie a tie using the four-in-hand knot:Start with the wide end of the tie on your right side and the narrow end on your left. Make sure the wide end is longer than the narrow end.Cross the wide end over the narrow end.Bring the wide end up and over the narrow end again.Pull the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Hold the knot with your left hand and use your right hand to bring the wide end down in front of the knot.Bring the wide end up and oveContinue ReadingThere are several ways to tie a tie, but one of the most popular and easy-to-learn methods is the four-in-hand knot. Here are the steps to tie a tie using the four-in-hand knot:Start with the wide end of the tie on your right side and the narrow end on your left. Make sure the wide end is longer than the narrow end.Cross the wide end over the narrow end.Bring the wide end up and over the narrow end again.Pull the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Hold the knot with your left hand and use your right hand to bring the wide end down in front of the knot.Bring the wide end up and over the knot from behind.Bring the wide end down through the loop around your neck.Adjust the knot by pulling on the wide end and sliding the knot up towards your collar.Straighten your collar and adjust the tie as needed.Once you have tied the knot, make sure the tie is centered and the knot is tight but not too tight. A well-tied tie can help you look polished and put-together for any occasion. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The easiest method for tie is four-in-hand tie knot, that can be tie up by following method:Put your tie around your neck, left side of the tie should be more like 3/4 of the right oneLoop the left part under the rightLoop it over againNow pull it over your neckNow insert it throgh the knot horizontallyNow tightten it as much as you wantContinue ReadingThe easiest method for tie is four-in-hand tie knot, that can be tie up by following method:Put your tie around your neck, left side of the tie should be more like 3/4 of the right oneLoop the left part under the rightLoop it over againNow pull it over your neckNow insert it throgh the knot horizontallyNow tightten it as much as you want","The easiest method for tie is four-in-hand tie knot, that can be tie up by following method:Put your tie around your neck, left side of the tie should be more like 3/4 of the right oneLoop the left part under the rightLoop it over againNow pull it over your neckNow insert it throgh the knot horizontallyNow tightten it as much as you wantContinue ReadingThe easiest method for tie is four-in-hand tie knot, that can be tie up by following method:Put your tie around your neck, left side of the tie should be more like 3/4 of the right oneLoop the left part under the rightLoop it over againNow pull it over your neckNow insert it throgh the knot horizontallyNow tightten it as much as you want |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Step 1: Cross the Wide end of the Tie over the narrow one. Step 2: Fold the Wide end under the Narrow end Step 3: Pass the Wwide end over the narrow one, like step 1. Step 4: Take the Wide End and through the loop around your neck. Step 5: Take the...","tep 1: Cross the Wide end of the Tie over the narrow one. Step 2: Fold the Wide end under the Narrow end Step 3: Pass the Wwide end over the narrow one, like step 1. Step 4: Take the Wide End and through the loop around your neck. Step 5: Take the... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are so many great way to tie a tie, here is a video I made of the simplest possible knot, it is called the oriental knot. I really like tie knots and make videos about how to tie them.","here are so many great way to tie a tie, here is a video I made of the simplest possible knot, it is called the oriental knot. I really like tie knots and make videos about how to tie them. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('lose')|","weight"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"As a ultramarathon runner, I have run thousands and thousands of kilometres over the years and experience has taught me that no amount of exercise can nullify the effects of a bad diet.  What you put in your mouth is more important regarding weight loss than exercise is. Im not saying that exercise is not beneficial (of course it is!) but when considering weight loss: what you put in your mouth carries more weight (pun intended!) than how often and to what intensity you exercise.","s a ultramarathon runner, I have run thousands and thousands of kilometres over the years and experience has taught me that no amount of exercise can nullify the effects of a bad diet.  What you put in your mouth is more important regarding weight loss than exercise is. Im not saying that exercise is not beneficial (of course it is!) but when considering weight loss: what you put in your mouth carries more weight (pun intended!) than how often and to what intensity you exercise. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In addition to the above answerDont be a lazy couch potatoTake the stairsGo to bed on a light stomachIf someplace is within walking distance, WALK ...","n addition to the above answerDont be a lazy couch potatoTake the stairsGo to bed on a light stomachIf someplace is within walking distance, WALK ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Walking, Push Ups and Push Backs.  You know how to walk, you probably know how to do Push Ups.  Push Backs is when you eat what you ought to eat, just that - and then push back from the table.  This takes some time to learn but its not hard...just not how I was raised.  Shoot for 10,000 steps, 30 push ups am/30 pm and push backs 3 times a day.  Good luck!","Walking, Push Ups and Push Backs.  You know how to walk, you probably know how to do Push Ups.  Push Backs is when you eat what you ought to eat, just that - and then push back from the table.  This takes some time to learn but its not hard...just not how I was raised.  Shoot for 10,000 steps, 30 push ups am/30 pm and push backs 3 times a day.  Good luck! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('lose')|","|pal:NRT('weight')|","fast"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"As a ultramarathon runner, I have run thousands and thousands of kilometres over the years and experience has taught me that no amount of exercise can nullify the effects of a bad diet.  What you put in your mouth is more important regarding weight loss than exercise is. Im not saying that exercise is not beneficial (of course it is!) but when considering weight loss: what you put in your mouth carries more weight (pun intended!) than how often and to what intensity you exercise.","s a ultramarathon runner, I have run thousands and thousands of kilometres over the years and experience has taught me that no amount of exercise can nullify the effects of a bad diet.  What you put in your mouth is more important regarding weight loss than exercise is. Im not saying that exercise is not beneficial (of course it is!) but when considering weight loss: what you put in your mouth carries more weight (pun intended!) than how often and to what intensity you exercise. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In addition to the above answerDont be a lazy couch potatoTake the stairsGo to bed on a light stomachIf someplace is within walking distance, WALK ...","n addition to the above answerDont be a lazy couch potatoTake the stairsGo to bed on a light stomachIf someplace is within walking distance, WALK ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Walking, Push Ups and Push Backs.  You know how to walk, you probably know how to do Push Ups.  Push Backs is when you eat what you ought to eat, just that - and then push back from the table.  This takes some time to learn but its not hard...just not how I was raised.  Shoot for 10,000 steps, 30 push ups am/30 pm and push backs 3 times a day.  Good luck!","Walking, Push Ups and Push Backs.  You know how to walk, you probably know how to do Push Ups.  Push Backs is when you eat what you ought to eat, just that - and then push back from the table.  This takes some time to learn but its not hard...just not how I was raised.  Shoot for 10,000 steps, 30 push ups am/30 pm and push backs 3 times a day.  Good luck! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('lose')|","|pal:NRT('belly')|","fat"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Belly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insuliContinue ReadingBelly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insulin and glucagon can do it’s job and burn fat. The proof that hormones control fat storing and burning is common knowledge in the medical world and is not controversial. Yes there are hormones that control hunger and feeling full but in the end it’s all about being a fat burner or sugar burner. Don’t eat refined carbohydrates, sugars and fructose Yes without a doubt that’s all you need to do. It’s the most natural way the body works. The ketogenic diet works this way. High fat, low carb works this way and fasting (eating nothing for at least 16 hours per day every week or so) all work this way. They lower insulin levels and raise glucagon levels. Those that say it’s unhealthy to try ketogenic seem to be promoting the current western diet that gives you a 1–3 chance of either high blood pressure, obesity or diabetes. So I think we can assume that the ‘normal’ way to eat is actually not that healthy! Anyway I digress… To explain the Ketogenic diet in layman’s terms. Ketogenic comes from the word ketones, the fuel source the body uses instead of glucose. Be a fat burner not a sugar burnerGlucose burning is predominant as we live in a world of refined carbohydrates and sugars. But that’s not the natural way the body should run. When you eat meats (or protein from vegetables) and saturated fats you’re eating what the body is designed to eat. Quite simply you reboot your body to go back to being a fat burning machine.There are ZERO essential carbohydrates only essential fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.When you burn ‘ketones’ instead of glucose you are in ‘ketosis’ or put another way; you’re following a ketogenic lifestyle.People that say ‘it’s hard to follow’ have NEVER been in ketosis as once you are in it you have no cravings for sugary or carbohydrate high food. It’s the diet where you lose the most and keep it off longer.Studies that say you gain the weight back on ALWAYS state ‘when the patient returned to their normal diet’ so yes ‘you put weight back on if you go back to sugar and carbs’It’s not the point, following a ketogenic lifestyle is for life. In the first 4 weeks you’ll lose around 14lbs. Make sure you drink water with a pinch of pink Himalayan salt to replace lost electrolytes from all the water retention being released. You can exercise in ketosis and there are so many health benefits. Why it worksFat storage is regulated by insulin. A hormone. Not by the amount of calories you eat.When you eat the process starts insulin secreting from the pancreas (actually just before you eat)Insulin puts energy from the eaten food into your muscles for instant energy then……any excess goes into the liver as ‘stored energy’ and then…Further excess is put into fat cells.Simple. This process is accelerated by sugar and refined carbohydrates. If you eat high fat low carb then this process is slowed down. There is no big spike or ‘‘sugar-high’ basically less fat gets stored and the potential for fat to be burned is heightened. Fat does not spike insulin nor does moderate amounts of protein Hence less fat storage Fat burning The process above is reversed and when the body goes into ketosis it’s much easier to burn fat as there is a key to losing weight and that key is having low insulin. Glucagon the fat burning hormone only enters the blood stream in the absence of insulin (Guytons medical physiology textbook, edition 6) It’s a great way to be healthy and stop fat accumulation. Forget ‘eat less, move more’ no proven scientific merit. ‘Joslin’s medical textbook.’ ‘Calories in being less than calories out’ does not work as the body simply lowers its basic metabolic rate to try to keep fat on. Anyone that has lost weight by calorie deficit or eat less move more has done it because (not by design) they’ve lowered their carbohydrates by simply reducing all food. They didn’t need to lower everything! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! eBook: Stephen Thomas, Jane Thomas: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment &amp; more: Kindle Store Extra notes for those like loved this answer You don’t need to drink 2 litres of water a day for a start! Drink when you’re thirsty.if your urine is clear then you’re drinking too muchIf your urine is dark drink more fluidI’m illustrating that numbers are meaningless. Everyone’s basic metabolic rate can change by as much 40% on a daily basis so: Eat when your hungry. WEIGHTLOSS: It’s all about what you eat. I’ll use a silly example, let’s sayyou eat 1500 calories from salad andyour identical twin ate 1500 calories from chocolate chip cookies.Do you think you’d get the same outcome? This illustrates how ridiculous ‘‘calories in vs calories out’ is It’s also to highlight that calorie deficit is meaningless. So using a macronutrient mix is important, not calories. So two more examplesYou eat a mix of healthy high fats, moderate protein and low refined carbohydrates.Your twin eats bread, pasta, rice, crackers, potatoes, breakfast cereal, low-fat yoghurt, low or no sugar sodas, baked beans, avoids fats, has skimmed milk and tons of fruit.Result You will be lean but sadly your twin has a 1–3 chance of either type 2 diabetes, obesity or heart disease. If you doubt this please think about the global rise in the consumption of your twins nutrition choices and the global rise in those conditions. In the year 2000 the rise in ‘low-fat’ things took over. So although carbs dropped off sugar and fructose keep people getting fatter, along with those carbs! Remember there are tons of different names for sugar!It’s all down to insulin resistance. Insulin is your fat storing hormone. Keep it low and you won’t get fat. Even eating too much protein gets insulin working in the blood. Hope that helpsSource: Potential role of sugar (fructose) in the epidemic of hypertension, obesity and the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease","Belly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insuliContinue ReadingBelly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insulin and glucagon can do it’s job and burn fat. The proof that hormones control fat storing and burning is common knowledge in the medical world and is not controversial. Yes there are hormones that control hunger and feeling full but in the end it’s all about being a fat burner or sugar burner. Don’t eat refined carbohydrates, sugars and fructose Yes without a doubt that’s all you need to do. It’s the most natural way the body works. The ketogenic diet works this way. High fat, low carb works this way and fasting (eating nothing for at least 16 hours per day every week or so) all work this way. They lower insulin levels and raise glucagon levels. Those that say it’s unhealthy to try ketogenic seem to be promoting the current western diet that gives you a 1–3 chance of either high blood pressure, obesity or diabetes. So I think we can assume that the ‘normal’ way to eat is actually not that healthy! Anyway I digress… To explain the Ketogenic diet in layman’s terms. Ketogenic comes from the word ketones, the fuel source the body uses instead of glucose. Be a fat burner not a sugar burnerGlucose burning is predominant as we live in a world of refined carbohydrates and sugars. But that’s not the natural way the body should run. When you eat meats (or protein from vegetables) and saturated fats you’re eating what the body is designed to eat. Quite simply you reboot your body to go back to being a fat burning machine.There are ZERO essential carbohydrates only essential fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.When you burn ‘ketones’ instead of glucose you are in ‘ketosis’ or put another way; you’re following a ketogenic lifestyle.People that say ‘it’s hard to follow’ have NEVER been in ketosis as once you are in it you have no cravings for sugary or carbohydrate high food. It’s the diet where you lose the most and keep it off longer.Studies that say you gain the weight back on ALWAYS state ‘when the patient returned to their normal diet’ so yes ‘you put weight back on if you go back to sugar and carbs’It’s not the point, following a ketogenic lifestyle is for life. In the first 4 weeks you’ll lose around 14lbs. Make sure you drink water with a pinch of pink Himalayan salt to replace lost electrolytes from all the water retention being released. You can exercise in ketosis and there are so many health benefits. Why it worksFat storage is regulated by insulin. A hormone. Not by the amount of calories you eat.When you eat the process starts insulin secreting from the pancreas (actually just before you eat)Insulin puts energy from the eaten food into your muscles for instant energy then……any excess goes into the liver as ‘stored energy’ and then…Further excess is put into fat cells.Simple. This process is accelerated by sugar and refined carbohydrates. If you eat high fat low carb then this process is slowed down. There is no big spike or ‘‘sugar-high’ basically less fat gets stored and the potential for fat to be burned is heightened. Fat does not spike insulin nor does moderate amounts of protein Hence less fat storage Fat burning The process above is reversed and when the body goes into ketosis it’s much easier to burn fat as there is a key to losing weight and that key is having low insulin. Glucagon the fat burning hormone only enters the blood stream in the absence of insulin (Guytons medical physiology textbook, edition 6) It’s a great way to be healthy and stop fat accumulation. Forget ‘eat less, move more’ no proven scientific merit. ‘Joslin’s medical textbook.’ ‘Calories in being less than calories out’ does not work as the body simply lowers its basic metabolic rate to try to keep fat on. Anyone that has lost weight by calorie deficit or eat less move more has done it because (not by design) they’ve lowered their carbohydrates by simply reducing all food. They didn’t need to lower everything! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! eBook: Stephen Thomas, Jane Thomas: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment &amp; more: Kindle Store Extra notes for those like loved this answer You don’t need to drink 2 litres of water a day for a start! Drink when you’re thirsty.if your urine is clear then you’re drinking too muchIf your urine is dark drink more fluidI’m illustrating that numbers are meaningless. Everyone’s basic metabolic rate can change by as much 40% on a daily basis so: Eat when your hungry. WEIGHTLOSS: It’s all about what you eat. I’ll use a silly example, let’s sayyou eat 1500 calories from salad andyour identical twin ate 1500 calories from chocolate chip cookies.Do you think you’d get the same outcome? This illustrates how ridiculous ‘‘calories in vs calories out’ is It’s also to highlight that calorie deficit is meaningless. So using a macronutrient mix is important, not calories. So two more examplesYou eat a mix of healthy high fats, moderate protein and low refined carbohydrates.Your twin eats bread, pasta, rice, crackers, potatoes, breakfast cereal, low-fat yoghurt, low or no sugar sodas, baked beans, avoids fats, has skimmed milk and tons of fruit.Result You will be lean but sadly your twin has a 1–3 chance of either type 2 diabetes, obesity or heart disease. If you doubt this please think about the global rise in the consumption of your twins nutrition choices and the global rise in those conditions. In the year 2000 the rise in ‘low-fat’ things took over. So although carbs dropped off sugar and fructose keep people getting fatter, along with those carbs! Remember there are tons of different names for sugar!It’s all down to insulin resistance. Insulin is your fat storing hormone. Keep it low and you won’t get fat. Even eating too much protein gets insulin working in the blood. Hope that helpsSource: Potential role of sugar (fructose) in the epidemic of hypertension, obesity and the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonatContinue ReadingI had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonated drinks, opt for home made smoothiesCut down your intake of carbs in a day to just onceAvoid bad carbs - like white bread, sugar, white riceOat meal, sweet potatoes and brown rice are good sources of carbsDrink alot of waterGreen tea in the morning helps to burn fatUse olive or coconut oil for cookingAvoid all sort of junk foodsYou are allowed to cheat on your diet once in two weeksVeggies and fruits are a must but be careful in take them in moderationMeasuring your the nutrients in your food using google so as to not exceed your required calorie per dayGoogle carb cycling - a nice dieting planMake eating healthy a lifestyleLifestyle modificationget up to 8 hours of sleep a dayBe active during the day timeWake up early morningWorkout early morningEat breakfast atleast an hour after you wake upHave encouraging family and friends aroundGet a patner whos willing to burn belly fatListen to motivational speeches and audio."," had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonatContinue ReadingI had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonated drinks, opt for home made smoothiesCut down your intake of carbs in a day to just onceAvoid bad carbs - like white bread, sugar, white riceOat meal, sweet potatoes and brown rice are good sources of carbsDrink alot of waterGreen tea in the morning helps to burn fatUse olive or coconut oil for cookingAvoid all sort of junk foodsYou are allowed to cheat on your diet once in two weeksVeggies and fruits are a must but be careful in take them in moderationMeasuring your the nutrients in your food using google so as to not exceed your required calorie per dayGoogle carb cycling - a nice dieting planMake eating healthy a lifestyleLifestyle modificationget up to 8 hours of sleep a dayBe active during the day timeWake up early morningWorkout early morningEat breakfast atleast an hour after you wake upHave encouraging family and friends aroundGet a patner whos willing to burn belly fatListen to motivational speeches and audio. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Doing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a cContinue ReadingDoing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a calorie deficit and lose fat all over your body.A word of warning, belly fat, for a lot of people, is the last place the fat comes off. You may have to diet for weeks or months until you see what you’re looking for. Don’t get discouraged though! Just keep going.How do you eat in a caloric deficit? Here are a few steps,Buy a food scale (you’re going to need it).Use this calculator to determine the amount of calories you need to consume.When you eat, measure the food on the food scale. Use the serving size on the back of the food package to determine how many calories are in each serving.Write down how many calories you consume for each meal. But, don’t go over the amount of calories you’re supposed to be eating that day.Why don’t sit-ups work? As Tim Ernst said, it takes 22,000 sit-ups to lose 1 pound of fat, so they’re a waste of time. Also, because of the nature of the exercise, sit-ups/crunches are bad your back. The ab exercise to do instead. First, the function of the abdominals is to draw the ribcage and the pelvis toward each other (basically what happens during a sit-up). However, the problem with the sit-up is the line of resistance (biomechanics term for the direction the resistance is coming from). You see, a good exercise places the muscle’s function opposite the line of resistance. Learn More: What Beginners Ought to Know About Biomechanics If the resistance is coming from straight down, like it is on most ab exercises, the tension will only be on the muscle for a short period of time. To fix this, you need to do cable crunches in which the resistance is coming from behind you at a 45 degree angle. Here’s an example, Also, research says ab exercises that have a lower AND upper body component have a greater amount of stimulation of the abdominals. So how do we add a lower body component? Do the exercise standing as opposed to seated like in the pics above. You could also do cardio. IF you’re trying to drop fat as quickly as possible, doing some cardio is the way to go. However, I would suggest against running. Running isn’t nearly as good for health and fat burning as people think it is. The stress hormones increase to such a great degree during long distance running that it negates the benefits. Also, running comes with significant risk of injury.What to do instead? Use an ergometer for 5–20 minutes. The ergometer has no impact on the joints (like running does), so it doesn’t lead to injury. Also, research has found that ergometers (as well as cycling and rowing) are better at burning fat than standard jogging.  Building muscle will keep the fat off. When you have more muscle on you, your body will require a higher amount of calories to maintain said muscle. Therefore, you will be able to eat the same amount of food, but those calories will be partitioned toward maintaining the muscle you have instead of fat stores. Building enough muscle for this to occur will take years. But stick to it, building muscle will make your weight loss journey easier. Learn More: Research Based Body Part Guides - Learn what science says about getting swole","Doing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a cContinue ReadingDoing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a calorie deficit and lose fat all over your body.A word of warning, belly fat, for a lot of people, is the last place the fat comes off. You may have to diet for weeks or months until you see what you’re looking for. Don’t get discouraged though! Just keep going.How do you eat in a caloric deficit? Here are a few steps,Buy a food scale (you’re going to need it).Use this calculator to determine the amount of calories you need to consume.When you eat, measure the food on the food scale. Use the serving size on the back of the food package to determine how many calories are in each serving.Write down how many calories you consume for each meal. But, don’t go over the amount of calories you’re supposed to be eating that day.Why don’t sit-ups work? As Tim Ernst said, it takes 22,000 sit-ups to lose 1 pound of fat, so they’re a waste of time. Also, because of the nature of the exercise, sit-ups/crunches are bad your back. The ab exercise to do instead. First, the function of the abdominals is to draw the ribcage and the pelvis toward each other (basically what happens during a sit-up). However, the problem with the sit-up is the line of resistance (biomechanics term for the direction the resistance is coming from). You see, a good exercise places the muscle’s function opposite the line of resistance. Learn More: What Beginners Ought to Know About Biomechanics If the resistance is coming from straight down, like it is on most ab exercises, the tension will only be on the muscle for a short period of time. To fix this, you need to do cable crunches in which the resistance is coming from behind you at a 45 degree angle. Here’s an example, Also, research says ab exercises that have a lower AND upper body component have a greater amount of stimulation of the abdominals. So how do we add a lower body component? Do the exercise standing as opposed to seated like in the pics above. You could also do cardio. IF you’re trying to drop fat as quickly as possible, doing some cardio is the way to go. However, I would suggest against running. Running isn’t nearly as good for health and fat burning as people think it is. The stress hormones increase to such a great degree during long distance running that it negates the benefits. Also, running comes with significant risk of injury.What to do instead? Use an ergometer for 5–20 minutes. The ergometer has no impact on the joints (like running does), so it doesn’t lead to injury. Also, research has found that ergometers (as well as cycling and rowing) are better at burning fat than standard jogging.  Building muscle will keep the fat off. When you have more muscle on you, your body will require a higher amount of calories to maintain said muscle. Therefore, you will be able to eat the same amount of food, but those calories will be partitioned toward maintaining the muscle you have instead of fat stores. Building enough muscle for this to occur will take years. But stick to it, building muscle will make your weight loss journey easier. Learn More: Research Based Body Part Guides - Learn what science says about getting swole |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","cup"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"A gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or somContinue ReadingA gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or sometimes refered to as a half-pint (ie, milk cartons). A cup of water is about 1/2 a pound (8 ounces). Equal to 16 tablespoons.1/32 gallon: Rarely used, sometimes called a gill in older recipes. This much water is about 1/4 of a pound (4 ounces). Equal to 1/2 of a cup (8 tablespoons).1/64 gallon: Almost never used, unofficially called a jack. This much water weighs roughly 1/8 of a pound (2 ounces). Equal to 1/4 cup (4 tbsp).1/128 gallon: Very common in use, called a fluid ounce (fl. oz., fl oz, or just floz), not to be confused with the ounce of weight. This amount of water is about 1/16 of a pound (1 ounce). Equal to 1/8 cup (2 tbsp).1/256 gallon: Tablespoons (tbsp) are used very often for small amounts of ingredients. This much water weighs about 1/32 of a pound (1/2 ounce). Equal to 1/16 cup, often divided into 3 teaspoons, or some other fractional.This system if measuring volume is probably the simplest for use in the kitchen. Easy to measure half of something by eye, all of that, pretty intuitive and clever. Interestingly, the gallon-cup-tablespoon relation can technically be expressed in hexadecimal. The whole thing (excluding teaspoons and such) can easily be represented in binary numbers. It seems like this system is perfectly fit for computers and people working with them. Cool huh? And, the pint-floz relation is close to the pound-ounce thing. Pretty useful for estimating weight of water or things of similar density."," gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or somContinue ReadingA gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or sometimes refered to as a half-pint (ie, milk cartons). A cup of water is about 1/2 a pound (8 ounces). Equal to 16 tablespoons.1/32 gallon: Rarely used, sometimes called a gill in older recipes. This much water is about 1/4 of a pound (4 ounces). Equal to 1/2 of a cup (8 tablespoons).1/64 gallon: Almost never used, unofficially called a jack. This much water weighs roughly 1/8 of a pound (2 ounces). Equal to 1/4 cup (4 tbsp).1/128 gallon: Very common in use, called a fluid ounce (fl. oz., fl oz, or just floz), not to be confused with the ounce of weight. This amount of water is about 1/16 of a pound (1 ounce). Equal to 1/8 cup (2 tbsp).1/256 gallon: Tablespoons (tbsp) are used very often for small amounts of ingredients. This much water weighs about 1/32 of a pound (1/2 ounce). Equal to 1/16 cup, often divided into 3 teaspoons, or some other fractional.This system if measuring volume is probably the simplest for use in the kitchen. Easy to measure half of something by eye, all of that, pretty intuitive and clever. Interestingly, the gallon-cup-tablespoon relation can technically be expressed in hexadecimal. The whole thing (excluding teaspoons and such) can easily be represented in binary numbers. It seems like this system is perfectly fit for computers and people working with them. Cool huh? And, the pint-floz relation is close to the pound-ounce thing. Pretty useful for estimating weight of water or things of similar density. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A cup is a unit of measurement that typically holds eight ounces. However, there are variations in the size of cups depending on the country or region. For example, a UK cup is slightly smaller than an American cup."," cup is a unit of measurement that typically holds eight ounces. However, there are variations in the size of cups depending on the country or region. For example, a UK cup is slightly smaller than an American cup. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","One cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!Continue ReadingOne cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!","One cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!Continue ReadingOne cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 8 oz in a a cup. You would have gotten your answer a lot quicker with a simple Google search. Takes 2 seconds. I really shouldnt have even answered this. What is the reason for asking questions like this on here instead of a search engine like Google?","There are 8 oz in a a cup. You would have gotten your answer a lot quicker with a simple Google search. Takes 2 seconds. I really shouldnt have even answered this. What is the reason for asking questions like this on here instead of a search engine like Google? |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('grams')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","pound"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"1 Pound = 453.6 Grams 1 Ounce = 28 grams ½ ounce = 14 grams ¼ ounce = 7 grams 1/8 ounce = 3.5 grams “Dimebag” = 1 gram The price of one pound in California is $900 and goes as high as $2000. Tip A: Its vital to know what 1 gram and ¼ ounce of weed looks like. That way you’ll never get ripped off. Tip B: If you live in a prohibition state, buy online. The prices and quality is better. This dispensary ships everywhere. I’m only plugging them because their deliveries saved me this year."," Pound = 453.6 Grams 1 Ounce = 28 grams ½ ounce = 14 grams ¼ ounce = 7 grams 1/8 ounce = 3.5 grams “Dimebag” = 1 gram The price of one pound in California is $900 and goes as high as $2000. Tip A: Its vital to know what 1 gram and ¼ ounce of weed looks like. That way you’ll never get ripped off. Tip B: If you live in a prohibition state, buy online. The prices and quality is better. This dispensary ships everywhere. I’m only plugging them because their deliveries saved me this year. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Using the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry.","sing the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","An ounce is 28.2 grams, no matter the content. A half ounce is 14.1 grams. Street wise its rounded to 28 grams to the ounce, and 14 grams to a half ounce.","n ounce is 28.2 grams, no matter the content. A half ounce is 14.1 grams. Street wise its rounded to 28 grams to the ounce, and 14 grams to a half ounce. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","“Using the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry.” Forgive me but this is wrong and this is NOT how it is in any cannabis industry in which I’ve been connected and I’ve been in the industry for over thirty (30) years. A pound of anything is 453.592. Going by the weight given in the previous answer SOMEONE is being shorted almost 6 grams and that’s nearlContinue Reading“Using the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry.” Forgive me but this is wrong and this is NOT how it is in any cannabis industry in which I’ve been connected and I’ve been in the industry for over thirty (30) years. A pound of anything is 453.592. Going by the weight given in the previous answer SOMEONE is being shorted almost 6 grams and that’s nearly 1/4 of an ounce….which can be from $60 to $90 in value. It is not worth being shady or lazy to do things that way. Seriously, not since I was a teenager, and that was a long, long time ago…have I dealt with anyone who weighs as was suggested.","Using the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry.” Forgive me but this is wrong and this is NOT how it is in any cannabis industry in which I’ve been connected and I’ve been in the industry for over thirty (30) years. A pound of anything is 453.592. Going by the weight given in the previous answer SOMEONE is being shorted almost 6 grams and that’s nearlContinue Reading“Using the standard for todays cannabis dealings, one quarter ounce is 7 grams, and an ounce is 28 grams. A quarter pound will be 112 grams, and four of those, adding up to a pound, is 448 grams. Yes, it is a little short of a true pound. However, this is the way it is in the cannabis industry.” Forgive me but this is wrong and this is NOT how it is in any cannabis industry in which I’ve been connected and I’ve been in the industry for over thirty (30) years. A pound of anything is 453.592. Going by the weight given in the previous answer SOMEONE is being shorted almost 6 grams and that’s nearly 1/4 of an ounce….which can be from $60 to $90 in value. It is not worth being shady or lazy to do things that way. Seriously, not since I was a teenager, and that was a long, long time ago…have I dealt with anyone who weighs as was suggested. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('grams')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","ounce"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"Hi, Akash’s answer is very correct. 1 ounce = 28 grams and 1 troy ounce (for precious metal) = 31.1 gram","Hi, Akash’s answer is very correct. 1 ounce = 28 grams and 1 troy ounce (for precious metal) = 31.1 gram |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 31.1035 grams in a troy ounce of gold.","here are 31.1035 grams in a troy ounce of gold. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a precious metal, gold is measured in troy ounces, equal to 31.103 4768 g.","s a precious metal, gold is measured in troy ounces, equal to 31.103 4768 g. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In the world of precious metals like gold, theres a unique unit of measurement known as the troy ounce. In one troy ounce of gold, youll find approximately 31.1035 grams.","n the world of precious metals like gold, theres a unique unit of measurement known as the troy ounce. In one troy ounce of gold, youll find approximately 31.1035 grams. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","quart"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 32 fluid ounces (fl oz) in a quart (qt). This is a standard conversion in the United States customary system of measurements. So, 1 quart equals 32 fluid ounces.","here are 32 fluid ounces (fl oz) in a quart (qt). This is a standard conversion in the United States customary system of measurements. So, 1 quart equals 32 fluid ounces. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","One US quart is one-fourth of a US gallon (hence “quart”, as in “quarter”). A US gallon is 128 US fluid ounces; therefore, one US quart is 32 US fluid ounces. An imperial quart is also one-fourth of an imperial gallon. However, an imperial gallon is 160 imperial fluid ounces, so one imperial quart is 40 imperial fluid ounces. If for some reason you want to know how many US fluid ounces are in an imperial quart, or vice versa, you can figure it out using the fact that one imperial gallon is approximately 1.201 US gallons.","ne US quart is one-fourth of a US gallon (hence “quart”, as in “quarter”). A US gallon is 128 US fluid ounces; therefore, one US quart is 32 US fluid ounces. An imperial quart is also one-fourth of an imperial gallon. However, an imperial gallon is 160 imperial fluid ounces, so one imperial quart is 40 imperial fluid ounces. If for some reason you want to know how many US fluid ounces are in an imperial quart, or vice versa, you can figure it out using the fact that one imperial gallon is approximately 1.201 US gallons. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","1 Quart = 32 Ounces 2 Quart = 64 Ounces 3 Quart = 96 Ounces 0.5 Quart = 16 Ounces 1.5 Quart = 48 Ounces 2.5 Quart = 80 Ounces 3.5 Quart = 112 Ounces Example: A pint is equal to 2 cups (example: a large glass of milk!) 1 pint = 2 cups = 16 fluid ounces When measuring many cups of liquid all put together we might want to use quarts. A quart (qt) is the same thing as 4 cups or 2 pints. 1 quart = 2 pints = 4 cups = 32 fluid ounces quart If we still need more liquid we can switch to using gallons. A gallon (gal) is the same as 16 cups or 8 pints or 4 quarts. It is the largest liquid measurement. (Note that a quartContinue Reading1 Quart = 32 Ounces 2 Quart = 64 Ounces 3 Quart = 96 Ounces 0.5 Quart = 16 Ounces 1.5 Quart = 48 Ounces 2.5 Quart = 80 Ounces 3.5 Quart = 112 Ounces Example: A pint is equal to 2 cups (example: a large glass of milk!) 1 pint = 2 cups = 16 fluid ounces When measuring many cups of liquid all put together we might want to use quarts. A quart (qt) is the same thing as 4 cups or 2 pints. 1 quart = 2 pints = 4 cups = 32 fluid ounces quart If we still need more liquid we can switch to using gallons. A gallon (gal) is the same as 16 cups or 8 pints or 4 quarts. It is the largest liquid measurement. (Note that a quart is a quarter of a gallon!) gallon juh In Summary: 1 gallon = 4 quarts = 8 pints = 16 cups = 128 fluid ounces","1 Quart = 32 Ounces 2 Quart = 64 Ounces 3 Quart = 96 Ounces 0.5 Quart = 16 Ounces 1.5 Quart = 48 Ounces 2.5 Quart = 80 Ounces 3.5 Quart = 112 Ounces Example: A pint is equal to 2 cups (example: a large glass of milk!) 1 pint = 2 cups = 16 fluid ounces When measuring many cups of liquid all put together we might want to use quarts. A quart (qt) is the same thing as 4 cups or 2 pints. 1 quart = 2 pints = 4 cups = 32 fluid ounces quart If we still need more liquid we can switch to using gallons. A gallon (gal) is the same as 16 cups or 8 pints or 4 quarts. It is the largest liquid measurement. (Note that a quartContinue Reading1 Quart = 32 Ounces 2 Quart = 64 Ounces 3 Quart = 96 Ounces 0.5 Quart = 16 Ounces 1.5 Quart = 48 Ounces 2.5 Quart = 80 Ounces 3.5 Quart = 112 Ounces Example: A pint is equal to 2 cups (example: a large glass of milk!) 1 pint = 2 cups = 16 fluid ounces When measuring many cups of liquid all put together we might want to use quarts. A quart (qt) is the same thing as 4 cups or 2 pints. 1 quart = 2 pints = 4 cups = 32 fluid ounces quart If we still need more liquid we can switch to using gallons. A gallon (gal) is the same as 16 cups or 8 pints or 4 quarts. It is the largest liquid measurement. (Note that a quart is a quarter of a gallon!) gallon juh In Summary: 1 gallon = 4 quarts = 8 pints = 16 cups = 128 fluid ounces |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 20 imperial fluid ounces in a pint and 2 pint in a quart ie there are 40 fluid ounces in a quart. In America, it is, of course, different.","here are 20 imperial fluid ounces in a pint and 2 pint in a quart ie there are 40 fluid ounces in a quart. In America, it is, of course, different. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","pound"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"How many ounces in a pound? There are 16 ounces in a pound. If you are referring to avoirdupois ounces and pounds. The most common ounce and pound in the imperial system There are 12 troy ounces in a troy pound. Troy weight are used for gemstones and precious metals. So there are 12 troy ounces in a troy pound of gold.","ow many ounces in a pound? There are 16 ounces in a pound. If you are referring to avoirdupois ounces and pounds. The most common ounce and pound in the imperial system There are 12 troy ounces in a troy pound. Troy weight are used for gemstones and precious metals. So there are 12 troy ounces in a troy pound of gold. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 16 ounces in a pound. This is a fundamental conversion in the United States customary and British imperial systems of measurement. To understand this conversion better, lets break it down: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) This conversion is used primarily for measuring weight in these systems. Its essential to know this because its a common unit of measurement, especially when dealing with food or small items. The history of the pound as a unit of weight can be traced back to various ancient measurement systems. The modern international avoirdupois pound, commonly used today, is definedContinue ReadingThere are 16 ounces in a pound. This is a fundamental conversion in the United States customary and British imperial systems of measurement. To understand this conversion better, lets break it down: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) This conversion is used primarily for measuring weight in these systems. Its essential to know this because its a common unit of measurement, especially when dealing with food or small items. The history of the pound as a unit of weight can be traced back to various ancient measurement systems. The modern international avoirdupois pound, commonly used today, is defined as exactly 0.45359237 kilograms. From this definition, the ounce is derived: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) 1 Pound (lb) = 0.45359237 Kilograms (kg) Converting between ounces and pounds is straightforward because of this consistent ratio. In summary, when youre asked how many ounces are in a pound, the answer is always 16 ounces. This conversion is a fundamental and widely recognized part of the measurement systems used in many English-speaking countries.","here are 16 ounces in a pound. This is a fundamental conversion in the United States customary and British imperial systems of measurement. To understand this conversion better, lets break it down: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) This conversion is used primarily for measuring weight in these systems. Its essential to know this because its a common unit of measurement, especially when dealing with food or small items. The history of the pound as a unit of weight can be traced back to various ancient measurement systems. The modern international avoirdupois pound, commonly used today, is definedContinue ReadingThere are 16 ounces in a pound. This is a fundamental conversion in the United States customary and British imperial systems of measurement. To understand this conversion better, lets break it down: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) This conversion is used primarily for measuring weight in these systems. Its essential to know this because its a common unit of measurement, especially when dealing with food or small items. The history of the pound as a unit of weight can be traced back to various ancient measurement systems. The modern international avoirdupois pound, commonly used today, is defined as exactly 0.45359237 kilograms. From this definition, the ounce is derived: 1 Pound (lb) = 16 Ounces (oz) 1 Pound (lb) = 0.45359237 Kilograms (kg) Converting between ounces and pounds is straightforward because of this consistent ratio. In summary, when youre asked how many ounces are in a pound, the answer is always 16 ounces. This conversion is a fundamental and widely recognized part of the measurement systems used in many English-speaking countries. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hey there! I see youve got a burning question about ounces and pounds, and Im here to help you out. So, heres the deal: there are 16 ounces in a pound. Yep, you heard it right, a sweet 16! This conversion is pretty much the same whether youre talking about the U.S. customary system or the British imperial system. Its like the universal language of weight measurement. Now, you might be wondering why there are different types of ounces and pounds mentioned in some of the other responses. Well, thats because there are specialized systems like troy ounces for gemstones and precious metals, butContinue ReadingHey there! I see youve got a burning question about ounces and pounds, and Im here to help you out. So, heres the deal: there are 16 ounces in a pound. Yep, you heard it right, a sweet 16! This conversion is pretty much the same whether youre talking about the U.S. customary system or the British imperial system. Its like the universal language of weight measurement. Now, you might be wondering why there are different types of ounces and pounds mentioned in some of the other responses. Well, thats because there are specialized systems like troy ounces for gemstones and precious metals, but for everyday stuff, like your groceries or the weight of your luggage, youre dealing with the good old 16 ounces in a pound. So, whether youre baking a cake, going on a diet, or just curious about the weight of things, remember the magic number 16 when it comes to ounces and pounds. Hope that clears things up for you! If you have any more questions, feel free to ask.","ey there! I see youve got a burning question about ounces and pounds, and Im here to help you out. So, heres the deal: there are 16 ounces in a pound. Yep, you heard it right, a sweet 16! This conversion is pretty much the same whether youre talking about the U.S. customary system or the British imperial system. Its like the universal language of weight measurement. Now, you might be wondering why there are different types of ounces and pounds mentioned in some of the other responses. Well, thats because there are specialized systems like troy ounces for gemstones and precious metals, butContinue ReadingHey there! I see youve got a burning question about ounces and pounds, and Im here to help you out. So, heres the deal: there are 16 ounces in a pound. Yep, you heard it right, a sweet 16! This conversion is pretty much the same whether youre talking about the U.S. customary system or the British imperial system. Its like the universal language of weight measurement. Now, you might be wondering why there are different types of ounces and pounds mentioned in some of the other responses. Well, thats because there are specialized systems like troy ounces for gemstones and precious metals, but for everyday stuff, like your groceries or the weight of your luggage, youre dealing with the good old 16 ounces in a pound. So, whether youre baking a cake, going on a diet, or just curious about the weight of things, remember the magic number 16 when it comes to ounces and pounds. Hope that clears things up for you! If you have any more questions, feel free to ask. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The conversion from ounces to pounds is as follows: 1 ounce (oz) is equal to 0.0625 pounds (lb). Therefore, to convert ounces to pounds, you can divide the number of ounces by 16. For example, if you have 5 ounces, you can calculate the equivalent in pounds as follows: 5 oz / 16 = 0.3125 lb So, there are 0.3125 pounds in 5 ounces.Continue ReadingThe conversion from ounces to pounds is as follows: 1 ounce (oz) is equal to 0.0625 pounds (lb). Therefore, to convert ounces to pounds, you can divide the number of ounces by 16. For example, if you have 5 ounces, you can calculate the equivalent in pounds as follows: 5 oz / 16 = 0.3125 lb So, there are 0.3125 pounds in 5 ounces.","he conversion from ounces to pounds is as follows: 1 ounce (oz) is equal to 0.0625 pounds (lb). Therefore, to convert ounces to pounds, you can divide the number of ounces by 16. For example, if you have 5 ounces, you can calculate the equivalent in pounds as follows: 5 oz / 16 = 0.3125 lb So, there are 0.3125 pounds in 5 ounces.Continue ReadingThe conversion from ounces to pounds is as follows: 1 ounce (oz) is equal to 0.0625 pounds (lb). Therefore, to convert ounces to pounds, you can divide the number of ounces by 16. For example, if you have 5 ounces, you can calculate the equivalent in pounds as follows: 5 oz / 16 = 0.3125 lb So, there are 0.3125 pounds in 5 ounces. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","gallon"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.Continue ReadingThere are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.","here are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.Continue ReadingThere are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ounce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Continue ReadingOunce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Imperial measurement systems. About how much goes into a small medicine cup. It is about 30 milliliters in metric volume (more precisely 29.5735297 milliliters) 8 fluid ounces = 1 Cup The Imperial Gallon (UK): The imperial gallon (UK) is a unit for estimating a volume of liquid or the size of a container for collecting liquid, not the mass of a liquid. Thus, a gallon of one of the liquid may have a separate mass from a gallon of another liquid. An imperial gallon of liquid is described as 4.54609 liters and thus keeps a space similar to almost 4,546 cubic centimeters (approximately a 16.5 cm cube). The U.S liquid gallon and the U.S. dry gallon are separate units determined by various medians. The U.S. liquid gallon is described as 231 cubic inches and equalizes to around 3.785 liters. One imperial gallon is equal to almost 1.2 U.S. liquid gallons. The U.S. dry gallon is a determination historically referred to as a volume of grain or other dry items. No longer regularly used, but most recently described as 268.8025 cubic inches. It depends on the system that you are working in. The most popular are the UK Imperial system and the which is a modification of the Imperial system. These were apparently the most popular due to the population, power, and influence of the UK and the US. They were not only though, but other systems also existed, and global standardization was only obtained with the metric SI system that rejected the past measures in support of a simple uniform base 10 system. Imperial Gallon (4.456 Liters) is 8 pints and a pint is 20 fl oz or 160 fl oz/Gallon (~28 ml / fl oz) US Gallon (3.785 Liters) is 8 US pints or 128 US fl oz/US Gallon (~30 ml / US fl oz) There is a discrepancy in the fluid determination between the UK and the US. US1 Gallon (US, Fluid) = 3.785 liters1 Liters = 33.814 ounces (US fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 3.785 x 33.814 = 128 ounces1 U.S. gallon is equal to 128 U.S. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.S. gallon is equal to 64 U.S fluid ounces.UK1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) = 4.54609 liters1 Liters = 35.1951 ounces (UK fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 4.54609 x 35.1951 = 160 ounces1 U.K. gallon is equal to 160 U.K. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.K. gallon is equal to 65 U.k. fluid ounces.So, the answer is:1 Gallon (US, Fluid) is equal to 128 Ounces (US, Fluid)1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) is equal to 160 Ounces (UK, Fluid)","Ounce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Continue ReadingOunce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Imperial measurement systems. About how much goes into a small medicine cup. It is about 30 milliliters in metric volume (more precisely 29.5735297 milliliters) 8 fluid ounces = 1 Cup The Imperial Gallon (UK): The imperial gallon (UK) is a unit for estimating a volume of liquid or the size of a container for collecting liquid, not the mass of a liquid. Thus, a gallon of one of the liquid may have a separate mass from a gallon of another liquid. An imperial gallon of liquid is described as 4.54609 liters and thus keeps a space similar to almost 4,546 cubic centimeters (approximately a 16.5 cm cube). The U.S liquid gallon and the U.S. dry gallon are separate units determined by various medians. The U.S. liquid gallon is described as 231 cubic inches and equalizes to around 3.785 liters. One imperial gallon is equal to almost 1.2 U.S. liquid gallons. The U.S. dry gallon is a determination historically referred to as a volume of grain or other dry items. No longer regularly used, but most recently described as 268.8025 cubic inches. It depends on the system that you are working in. The most popular are the UK Imperial system and the which is a modification of the Imperial system. These were apparently the most popular due to the population, power, and influence of the UK and the US. They were not only though, but other systems also existed, and global standardization was only obtained with the metric SI system that rejected the past measures in support of a simple uniform base 10 system. Imperial Gallon (4.456 Liters) is 8 pints and a pint is 20 fl oz or 160 fl oz/Gallon (~28 ml / fl oz) US Gallon (3.785 Liters) is 8 US pints or 128 US fl oz/US Gallon (~30 ml / US fl oz) There is a discrepancy in the fluid determination between the UK and the US. US1 Gallon (US, Fluid) = 3.785 liters1 Liters = 33.814 ounces (US fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 3.785 x 33.814 = 128 ounces1 U.S. gallon is equal to 128 U.S. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.S. gallon is equal to 64 U.S fluid ounces.UK1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) = 4.54609 liters1 Liters = 35.1951 ounces (UK fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 4.54609 x 35.1951 = 160 ounces1 U.K. gallon is equal to 160 U.K. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.K. gallon is equal to 65 U.k. fluid ounces.So, the answer is:1 Gallon (US, Fluid) is equal to 128 Ounces (US, Fluid)1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) is equal to 160 Ounces (UK, Fluid) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('an')|","ounce"}, nil, {0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Meth will cost you everything you own and also cost you all of your relationships. Don’t worry about the price of an ounce. Once addicted, you will pay whatever it takes to get meth. Please read What are some characteristics of meth addicts? for some excellent insight.","eth will cost you everything you own and also cost you all of your relationships. Don’t worry about the price of an ounce. Once addicted, you will pay whatever it takes to get meth. Please read What are some characteristics of meth addicts? for some excellent insight. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) reported that a gram of pure meth was as high as $330 in Chicago but only $60 in Seattle. Although the price of meth, when adjusted for inflation, has declined since the early 1980s, it remains relatively high; today, an ounce of meth costs nearly 10 times as much as an ounce of gold. Source: Frequently Asked Questions - The Meth Epidemic An ounce of gold costs $1300, so according to this source, an ounce of Methamphetamine would cost $13,000. Common sense would suggest that this value is on the high side, however. Lets dig a little deeper. AcContinue ReadingThe Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) reported that a gram of pure meth was as high as $330 in Chicago but only $60 in Seattle. Although the price of meth, when adjusted for inflation, has declined since the early 1980s, it remains relatively high; today, an ounce of meth costs nearly 10 times as much as an ounce of gold. Source: Frequently Asked Questions - The Meth Epidemic An ounce of gold costs $1300, so according to this source, an ounce of Methamphetamine would cost $13,000. Common sense would suggest that this value is on the high side, however. Lets dig a little deeper. According to unclassified DEA data reported by the National Drug Intelligence Center, the price for one ounce of powder Methamphetamine ranged from $300 to $6000 depending on location and purity from 2001-2003. The price for one ounce of crystal Methamphetamine during this same period ranged from $500 to $14,000. Source: Methamphetamine Drug Threat Assessment  Hmm, maybe that 10x cost of gold metric is actually true in some cases. Lets look at some more some more recent DEA info to verify. The DEA issued a statement in 2013 regarding methamphetamine that mentioned that between 2007 and 2011, the average gram price for methamphetamine fell 69%, from $290 to $90. There are 28.35 grams per oz, so even without a volume discount, an ounce in 2011 would cost no more than $2550. Source: Mexican Drug Cartels Flood U.S. With Cheap Meth The data from the second source would suggest that the quantity discount for high-purity crystal methamphetamine (which is what currently dominates the methamphetamine market according to the third source), is up to a factor of five. Quantity discounts generally decrease as the low volume price becomes closer to the manufacturing cost, however. So taking all of this information into consideration, I would expect that an ounce of methamphetamine currently costs between $700 and $1500 in areas in which the methamphetamine is sourced from Mexican cartels, although that range is probably larger on a national level.","he Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) reported that a gram of pure meth was as high as $330 in Chicago but only $60 in Seattle. Although the price of meth, when adjusted for inflation, has declined since the early 1980s, it remains relatively high; today, an ounce of meth costs nearly 10 times as much as an ounce of gold. Source: Frequently Asked Questions - The Meth Epidemic An ounce of gold costs $1300, so according to this source, an ounce of Methamphetamine would cost $13,000. Common sense would suggest that this value is on the high side, however. Lets dig a little deeper. AcContinue ReadingThe Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) reported that a gram of pure meth was as high as $330 in Chicago but only $60 in Seattle. Although the price of meth, when adjusted for inflation, has declined since the early 1980s, it remains relatively high; today, an ounce of meth costs nearly 10 times as much as an ounce of gold. Source: Frequently Asked Questions - The Meth Epidemic An ounce of gold costs $1300, so according to this source, an ounce of Methamphetamine would cost $13,000. Common sense would suggest that this value is on the high side, however. Lets dig a little deeper. According to unclassified DEA data reported by the National Drug Intelligence Center, the price for one ounce of powder Methamphetamine ranged from $300 to $6000 depending on location and purity from 2001-2003. The price for one ounce of crystal Methamphetamine during this same period ranged from $500 to $14,000. Source: Methamphetamine Drug Threat Assessment  Hmm, maybe that 10x cost of gold metric is actually true in some cases. Lets look at some more some more recent DEA info to verify. The DEA issued a statement in 2013 regarding methamphetamine that mentioned that between 2007 and 2011, the average gram price for methamphetamine fell 69%, from $290 to $90. There are 28.35 grams per oz, so even without a volume discount, an ounce in 2011 would cost no more than $2550. Source: Mexican Drug Cartels Flood U.S. With Cheap Meth The data from the second source would suggest that the quantity discount for high-purity crystal methamphetamine (which is what currently dominates the methamphetamine market according to the third source), is up to a factor of five. Quantity discounts generally decrease as the low volume price becomes closer to the manufacturing cost, however. So taking all of this information into consideration, I would expect that an ounce of methamphetamine currently costs between $700 and $1500 in areas in which the methamphetamine is sourced from Mexican cartels, although that range is probably larger on a national level. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Price does and always will vary due to location, if you are in or near a big city (i.e. major destination of drug trafficking routes) then you will most likely have prices in the lower end of the spectrum. As of now, in California at least, an ounce will be anywhere from $150-$300 so an average of $225 I’d say? and that’s just from personal experience? I could be wrong..","rice does and always will vary due to location, if you are in or near a big city (i.e. major destination of drug trafficking routes) then you will most likely have prices in the lower end of the spectrum. As of now, in California at least, an ounce will be anywhere from $150-$300 so an average of $225 I’d say? and that’s just from personal experience? I could be wrong.. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('weeks')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","year"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"It depends whether the college/University is on a quarter or semester system.  In a quarter system, there are approximately 33 weeks of instruction, including exams, in a year.  In a semester system, there are approximately 28 to 30 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester breaks, in a year, depending on the University.  In high school, there would be approximately 26 to 28 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester and other breaks.","t depends whether the college/University is on a quarter or semester system.  In a quarter system, there are approximately 33 weeks of instruction, including exams, in a year.  In a semester system, there are approximately 28 to 30 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester breaks, in a year, depending on the University.  In high school, there would be approximately 26 to 28 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester and other breaks. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Theres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separContinue ReadingTheres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separates into 36 weeks (180 partitioned by 5 - its 5, not 7, because were not including Saturday and Sunday as instructional time). These 36 weeks are separated into two semesters of 18 weeks each and regularly into four quarters (generally known as the initial 9 weeks, the second 9 weeks, and so on.) The ending of the preliminary 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the fall semester, while the end of the third 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the spring semester.  Midterm exams are given in secondary school, and the spring midterm ordinarily denotes the start of a week-long Spring Break. Its more common to have a short break after the fall midterm, yet this normally just 1-3 days long rather than a whole week. Schools begin in August or September and get out in May or June, offering students a late-spring reprieve that is about three months in length of time. In the West, 180 days of student contact time is genuinely typical. Numerous states like Washington measure the quantity of hours of seat time each year to fathom if a school area follows state laws and regulations. Less days every week, less cost to heat or cool school structures! You can read more about it Here.","heres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separContinue ReadingTheres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separates into 36 weeks (180 partitioned by 5 - its 5, not 7, because were not including Saturday and Sunday as instructional time). These 36 weeks are separated into two semesters of 18 weeks each and regularly into four quarters (generally known as the initial 9 weeks, the second 9 weeks, and so on.) The ending of the preliminary 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the fall semester, while the end of the third 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the spring semester.  Midterm exams are given in secondary school, and the spring midterm ordinarily denotes the start of a week-long Spring Break. Its more common to have a short break after the fall midterm, yet this normally just 1-3 days long rather than a whole week. Schools begin in August or September and get out in May or June, offering students a late-spring reprieve that is about three months in length of time. In the West, 180 days of student contact time is genuinely typical. Numerous states like Washington measure the quantity of hours of seat time each year to fathom if a school area follows state laws and regulations. Less days every week, less cost to heat or cool school structures! You can read more about it Here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Assuming you are asking about elementary and secondary schools, the most common length of an academic year is 36 weeks. This is why teachers record books typically provide for four 9-week grading periods or six 6-week grading periods. If you are asking about colleges, that will vary greatly since total class hours per subject are generally the issue and colleges may mix and match hours per week depending upon their length of term. Many colleges once had similar school year lengths to those mentioned above; but in recent years, semesters of 14 to 15 weeks are not uncommon.","ssuming you are asking about elementary and secondary schools, the most common length of an academic year is 36 weeks. This is why teachers record books typically provide for four 9-week grading periods or six 6-week grading periods. If you are asking about colleges, that will vary greatly since total class hours per subject are generally the issue and colleges may mix and match hours per week depending upon their length of term. Many colleges once had similar school year lengths to those mentioned above; but in recent years, semesters of 14 to 15 weeks are not uncommon. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In the US, the school year is typically divided into two semesters, each consisting of approximately 18-19 weeks. Thus, the typical school year is around 36-40 weeks depending on the school district and state. ","In the US, the school year is typically divided into two semesters, each consisting of approximately 18-19 weeks. Thus, the typical school year is around 36-40 weeks depending on the school district and state.  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are usually about 40 weeks of school per year. In California, this comes to roughly 180 days of instruction, 20 per semester, with 3 weeks of winter break, 1 week of spring break, plus national holidays Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving (the whole week on LAUSD), Martin Luther Kings birthday, Memorial Day, and in California, Admission Day in September, Cesar Chavezs birthday April 1, and , in LAUSD, the Jewish High Holy Days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur if they fall on weekdays(only because its too difficult tg to find enough substitute teachers).","here are usually about 40 weeks of school per year. In California, this comes to roughly 180 days of instruction, 20 per semester, with 3 weeks of winter break, 1 week of spring break, plus national holidays Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving (the whole week on LAUSD), Martin Luther Kings birthday, Memorial Day, and in California, Admission Day in September, Cesar Chavezs birthday April 1, and , in LAUSD, the Jewish High Holy Days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur if they fall on weekdays(only because its too difficult tg to find enough substitute teachers). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","pregnant"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"My sister-in-law’s 14 year old daughter said the same thing. This is how she handled the problem. First she said to the daughter, “wonderful! Let’s get you started by borrowing a baby for the weekend!” They borrowed a baby from a friend. The in-law Mom then got assurances from the daughter that she would feed, change, and get up when the baby cried, and tend to every whim. Friday overnight the baby was particularly fussy and daughter had to get up multiple times. After breakfast Saturday morning daughter said to her Mom, “ let’s take the baby back, I don’t want a baby any more.”","My sister-in-law’s 14 year old daughter said the same thing. This is how she handled the problem. First she said to the daughter, “wonderful! Let’s get you started by borrowing a baby for the weekend!” They borrowed a baby from a friend. The in-law Mom then got assurances from the daughter that she would feed, change, and get up when the baby cried, and tend to every whim. Friday overnight the baby was particularly fussy and daughter had to get up multiple times. After breakfast Saturday morning daughter said to her Mom, “ let’s take the baby back, I don’t want a baby any more.” |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","My son at 18 and his 17 yr old GF were planning this. Just so happened at that time his little sister was 2 1/2 yrs old. They took her for a weekend and I explicitly told them you cant bring her back until the set time. You can call but not bring her back. Well I got a million calls, they kept her and at the end they said they didnt realize how much work a child is. I told them a newborn is even more!! Hes 29 now and engaged with no kids in sight. So if you can borrow someones toddler it should fix her desire .","y son at 18 and his 17 yr old GF were planning this. Just so happened at that time his little sister was 2 1/2 yrs old. They took her for a weekend and I explicitly told them you cant bring her back until the set time. You can call but not bring her back. Well I got a million calls, they kept her and at the end they said they didnt realize how much work a child is. I told them a newborn is even more!! Hes 29 now and engaged with no kids in sight. So if you can borrow someones toddler it should fix her desire . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Oprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here.","prah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","|pal:NRT('youtube')|","videos"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Install IDM(internet download manager). if you are using firefox then there is an add-on available called onetouch/oneclick downloader. integrate this add-on n then you will be able to download youtube videos for free.","nstall IDM(internet download manager). if you are using firefox then there is an add-on available called onetouch/oneclick downloader. integrate this add-on n then you will be able to download youtube videos for free. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Im using a browser that lets me download youtube videos directly from it. Its called torchbrowser and so its free and works great. Ive been using it a lot and wholeheartedly recommend it.","m using a browser that lets me download youtube videos directly from it. Its called torchbrowser and so its free and works great. Ive been using it a lot and wholeheartedly recommend it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Just download and install internet download manager(idm) and u can download videos ,files, apks, zipfiles,etc from any site.","ust download and install internet download manager(idm) and u can download videos ,files, apks, zipfiles,etc from any site. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","in the url just type in ss after www. and before youtube and hit enter","in the url just type in ss after www. and before youtube and hit enter |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Its actually quite simple to have an assortment of downloaded YouTube recordings to play at whatever point you need to. While YouTube Premium permits the client to download a video for disconnected review, free techniques are additionally accessible that allowed you to watch or pay attention to them without utilizing the authority application. So here are some application that will help you to download youtube video easilyTubemateV.mateSnaptube4K Video Downloader","Its actually quite simple to have an assortment of downloaded YouTube recordings to play at whatever point you need to. While YouTube Premium permits the client to download a video for disconnected review, free techniques are additionally accessible that allowed you to watch or pay attention to them without utilizing the authority application. So here are some application that will help you to download youtube video easilyTubemateV.mateSnaptube4K Video Downloader |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('screenshot')|","|pal:NRT('on')|","mac"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"As on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick).","s on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Taking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS.","aking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","|pal:NRT('donald')|","trump"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"If you mean his chronological age, and you believe that’s his REAL birth certificate, he was born June 14, 1946.His emotional age has been estimated by experts as between two and twelve yearsIf you mean the age which historical age suits him best, take your pick:Stone Age. Dark Age. Orange Age. Age of Uncertainty. Age of Unreason. Age of Nefarious, not Aquarius.","f you mean his chronological age, and you believe that’s his REAL birth certificate, he was born June 14, 1946.His emotional age has been estimated by experts as between two and twelve yearsIf you mean the age which historical age suits him best, take your pick:Stone Age. Dark Age. Orange Age. Age of Uncertainty. Age of Unreason. Age of Nefarious, not Aquarius. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","8 going on 74. EDIT 6/14/20: Today Donald Trump is officially 8 and 74. To celebrate the man-childs birthday, I shall have a near beer and a nothing burger. Big whoop."," going on 74. EDIT 6/14/20: Today Donald Trump is officially 8 and 74. To celebrate the man-childs birthday, I shall have a near beer and a nothing burger. Big whoop. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Donald Trump was born on June 14, 1946.  He will be 70 years old by the time of the 2016 Republican National Convention, July 18-21, 2016.  If he wins both the nomination and the general election, he will be the third oldest president at the time of his inauguration.","onald Trump was born on June 14, 1946.  He will be 70 years old by the time of the 2016 Republican National Convention, July 18-21, 2016.  If he wins both the nomination and the general election, he will be the third oldest president at the time of his inauguration. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Donald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. As of when this question is added (2015), he is 69 years old.  Source: GoogleContinue ReadingDonald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. As of when this question is added (2015), he is 69 years old.  Source: Google","Donald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. As of when this question is added (2015), he is 69 years old.  Source: GoogleContinue ReadingDonald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. As of when this question is added (2015), he is 69 years old.  Source: Google |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Donald’s Trump is the same age as Donald’s Neck, Donald’s (Small) Hands and Donald’s Bone-Spurred Feet — 73. Donald’s Hair, however, is maybe 20.","onald’s Trump is the same age as Donald’s Neck, Donald’s (Small) Hands and Donald’s Bone-Spurred Feet — 73. Donald’s Hair, however, is maybe 20. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('donald')|","trump"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Bill Shorten, the leader of the Australian Labor Party (the centre left party in Australian politics) has described Donald Trump’s views as “barking mad”. Mr Shorten is currently contesting an election in which he is asking the Australian people to vote for his party and make him Prime Minister. I have never, ever heard an Australian politician standing at that level say something so openly negative about the leader of an allied nation. Even when George Bush Jr was President, and most Australians thought he was a dill, everyone was still diplomatic. The fact that Shorten can openly cricitise TrContinue ReadingBill Shorten, the leader of the Australian Labor Party (the centre left party in Australian politics) has described Donald Trump’s views as “barking mad”. Mr Shorten is currently contesting an election in which he is asking the Australian people to vote for his party and make him Prime Minister. I have never, ever heard an Australian politician standing at that level say something so openly negative about the leader of an allied nation. Even when George Bush Jr was President, and most Australians thought he was a dill, everyone was still diplomatic. The fact that Shorten can openly cricitise Trump, and most of the nation nods in agreement, says just how high the level of Trump-disgust is in this country.","ill Shorten, the leader of the Australian Labor Party (the centre left party in Australian politics) has described Donald Trump’s views as “barking mad”. Mr Shorten is currently contesting an election in which he is asking the Australian people to vote for his party and make him Prime Minister. I have never, ever heard an Australian politician standing at that level say something so openly negative about the leader of an allied nation. Even when George Bush Jr was President, and most Australians thought he was a dill, everyone was still diplomatic. The fact that Shorten can openly cricitise TrContinue ReadingBill Shorten, the leader of the Australian Labor Party (the centre left party in Australian politics) has described Donald Trump’s views as “barking mad”. Mr Shorten is currently contesting an election in which he is asking the Australian people to vote for his party and make him Prime Minister. I have never, ever heard an Australian politician standing at that level say something so openly negative about the leader of an allied nation. Even when George Bush Jr was President, and most Australians thought he was a dill, everyone was still diplomatic. The fact that Shorten can openly cricitise Trump, and most of the nation nods in agreement, says just how high the level of Trump-disgust is in this country. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Brit 1 “Guess who the yanks have running for president?” Brit 2 “Cher? Shed be good, Id still give her one.” Brit 1 “Yeah, me too… but no, Donald Trump.” Brit 2 “Who?” Brit 1 “You know that dodgy looking fat bloke with the wig. Hes the fella in the Apprentice.” Brit 2 “Alan Sugar?” Brit 1 “Nooooo, you twat. The other one, the American Apprentice.” Brit 2 “Oh, him. Why is he running for President.” Brit 1 “I dunno.” Brit 2 “Your round next.” Thats pretty much how it went back then…","Brit 1 “Guess who the yanks have running for president?” Brit 2 “Cher? Shed be good, Id still give her one.” Brit 1 “Yeah, me too… but no, Donald Trump.” Brit 2 “Who?” Brit 1 “You know that dodgy looking fat bloke with the wig. Hes the fella in the Apprentice.” Brit 2 “Alan Sugar?” Brit 1 “Nooooo, you twat. The other one, the American Apprentice.” Brit 2 “Oh, him. Why is he running for President.” Brit 1 “I dunno.” Brit 2 “Your round next.” Thats pretty much how it went back then… |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","pancakes"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Take out two bowls. In the first bowl, combine the following dry ingredients thoroughly.1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugarIn the second bowl, combine the following wet ingredients thoroughly.1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted, room temperaturePour the contents of bowl number two into bowl number one and mix until the wet ingredients are just barely combined with the dry ingredients. Do not over mix the batter. A tool like this makes the mixing a bit easier, but you can use a large spoon if you don’t have one.Your pancakeContinue ReadingTake out two bowls. In the first bowl, combine the following dry ingredients thoroughly.1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugarIn the second bowl, combine the following wet ingredients thoroughly.1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted, room temperaturePour the contents of bowl number two into bowl number one and mix until the wet ingredients are just barely combined with the dry ingredients. Do not over mix the batter. A tool like this makes the mixing a bit easier, but you can use a large spoon if you don’t have one.Your pancake batter should now look something like this.Now, get a ladle and pour the batter onto a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan. You can make your pancakes any size that you wish, but they’ll be easier to flip if they’re on the smaller side (say 5″ or so). Your heat should be a medium heat. Any hotter and you’ll risk burning them on the outside and having raw batter on the inside.Bubbles will soon start to form. When they look about like this, it is time for the flip. Don’t be alarmed if two of them start to kiss. They’re just being affectionate. Separate the two pieces gently with the spatula before the flip.Cook for about another minute, then pull it off the heat source. If you are unsure if they are done, just take a butter knife and peak inside. If you see raw batter, you pulled it off too soon and it needs another minute or so of cooking time. You can optionally add any kind of fresh fruit (strawberries, blueberries, and bananas are great), some butter, powdered sugar, chocolate chips or whatever else blows your skirt up. Maple syrup is the standard syrup for pancakes, but there are all kinds of flavors available. I recommend the ones that say either 100% maple syrup or pure maple syrup, for maximum flavor. Anything else will taste watered down, in comparison. That’s about it. Enjoy.","ake out two bowls. In the first bowl, combine the following dry ingredients thoroughly.1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugarIn the second bowl, combine the following wet ingredients thoroughly.1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted, room temperaturePour the contents of bowl number two into bowl number one and mix until the wet ingredients are just barely combined with the dry ingredients. Do not over mix the batter. A tool like this makes the mixing a bit easier, but you can use a large spoon if you don’t have one.Your pancakeContinue ReadingTake out two bowls. In the first bowl, combine the following dry ingredients thoroughly.1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon salt1 tablespoon white sugarIn the second bowl, combine the following wet ingredients thoroughly.1 1/4 cups milk1 egg3 tablespoons butter, melted, room temperaturePour the contents of bowl number two into bowl number one and mix until the wet ingredients are just barely combined with the dry ingredients. Do not over mix the batter. A tool like this makes the mixing a bit easier, but you can use a large spoon if you don’t have one.Your pancake batter should now look something like this.Now, get a ladle and pour the batter onto a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan. You can make your pancakes any size that you wish, but they’ll be easier to flip if they’re on the smaller side (say 5″ or so). Your heat should be a medium heat. Any hotter and you’ll risk burning them on the outside and having raw batter on the inside.Bubbles will soon start to form. When they look about like this, it is time for the flip. Don’t be alarmed if two of them start to kiss. They’re just being affectionate. Separate the two pieces gently with the spatula before the flip.Cook for about another minute, then pull it off the heat source. If you are unsure if they are done, just take a butter knife and peak inside. If you see raw batter, you pulled it off too soon and it needs another minute or so of cooking time. You can optionally add any kind of fresh fruit (strawberries, blueberries, and bananas are great), some butter, powdered sugar, chocolate chips or whatever else blows your skirt up. Maple syrup is the standard syrup for pancakes, but there are all kinds of flavors available. I recommend the ones that say either 100% maple syrup or pure maple syrup, for maximum flavor. Anything else will taste watered down, in comparison. That’s about it. Enjoy. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are so many pancake recipes online, most of which consist of 8 or more ingredients and 82 steps, you dont have to. Especially when you are in a hurry to feed a crazy crowd-teenagers or children under the age of 12. They dont care about vanilla extract, buttermilk or cold dough. There are no complicated steps. There are no thugs. There is no need to separate eggs or whisk egg whites for fluffy pancakes. Never sift the flour with a cloud of flour dust flying over your table top. Just a bowl, spoon. Then mix the three ingredients for about 2 minutes. Pour your favorite add-in just before fContinue ReadingThere are so many pancake recipes online, most of which consist of 8 or more ingredients and 82 steps, you dont have to. Especially when you are in a hurry to feed a crazy crowd-teenagers or children under the age of 12. They dont care about vanilla extract, buttermilk or cold dough. There are no complicated steps. There are no thugs. There is no need to separate eggs or whisk egg whites for fluffy pancakes. Never sift the flour with a cloud of flour dust flying over your table top. Just a bowl, spoon. Then mix the three ingredients for about 2 minutes. Pour your favorite add-in just before frying... and heres the pancakes Heres the recipe and steps for a three-ingredient pancake, without any further effort. Pancakes:2 large eggs2 cups 250ml milk (skim, low fat or full fat)2 1/4 cups white self-rising flourINSTRUCTIONS Mix the eggs and milk with a whisk. Add flour and beat until the batter is smooth and free of lumps. Add an optional add-in here. Heat the coated pan over low to medium heat with an cooking oil spray. Wipe off the excess. Pour about 1/3 cup of batter per pancake. Bake the pancakes for 1-2 minutes or until the bubbles appear on the surface and the bottom is golden. Turn it over and cook until golden. Transfer to a heating plate. Repeat with the rest of the batter (spray / grease the pan between the second or third pancakes, if necessary). Serve immediately with yogurt, ice cream, whipped cream, maple syrup, berries and other toppings.","here are so many pancake recipes online, most of which consist of 8 or more ingredients and 82 steps, you dont have to. Especially when you are in a hurry to feed a crazy crowd-teenagers or children under the age of 12. They dont care about vanilla extract, buttermilk or cold dough. There are no complicated steps. There are no thugs. There is no need to separate eggs or whisk egg whites for fluffy pancakes. Never sift the flour with a cloud of flour dust flying over your table top. Just a bowl, spoon. Then mix the three ingredients for about 2 minutes. Pour your favorite add-in just before fContinue ReadingThere are so many pancake recipes online, most of which consist of 8 or more ingredients and 82 steps, you dont have to. Especially when you are in a hurry to feed a crazy crowd-teenagers or children under the age of 12. They dont care about vanilla extract, buttermilk or cold dough. There are no complicated steps. There are no thugs. There is no need to separate eggs or whisk egg whites for fluffy pancakes. Never sift the flour with a cloud of flour dust flying over your table top. Just a bowl, spoon. Then mix the three ingredients for about 2 minutes. Pour your favorite add-in just before frying... and heres the pancakes Heres the recipe and steps for a three-ingredient pancake, without any further effort. Pancakes:2 large eggs2 cups 250ml milk (skim, low fat or full fat)2 1/4 cups white self-rising flourINSTRUCTIONS Mix the eggs and milk with a whisk. Add flour and beat until the batter is smooth and free of lumps. Add an optional add-in here. Heat the coated pan over low to medium heat with an cooking oil spray. Wipe off the excess. Pour about 1/3 cup of batter per pancake. Bake the pancakes for 1-2 minutes or until the bubbles appear on the surface and the bottom is golden. Turn it over and cook until golden. Transfer to a heating plate. Repeat with the rest of the batter (spray / grease the pan between the second or third pancakes, if necessary). Serve immediately with yogurt, ice cream, whipped cream, maple syrup, berries and other toppings. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","pancakes"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"As I always remind- we speak English, so we most commonly call them pancakes. Very thin ones may be called crépes too.","s I always remind- we speak English, so we most commonly call them pancakes. Very thin ones may be called crépes too. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","We call them pancakes.","e call them pancakes. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Pancakes. But they might not be the same as over fluffy over sweet American ones. Ditto doughnut BTW.","ancakes. But they might not be the same as over fluffy over sweet American ones. Ditto doughnut BTW. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I think you mean, why are pancakes different in America, I think you will find that we have been making them for a lot longer than Americans."," think you mean, why are pancakes different in America, I think you will find that we have been making them for a lot longer than Americans. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","They aren’t we’ve been making them like that for maybe a 1000 years or more. You have it the wrong way round, it is American ‘pancakes’ that are different, they are actually drop scones.","hey aren’t we’ve been making them like that for maybe a 1000 years or more. You have it the wrong way round, it is American ‘pancakes’ that are different, they are actually drop scones. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )


pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('i')|","|pal:NRT('need')|","money"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"You really dont. But you better be one handy muldoon. You can still go live in the woods, subsistence farm and hunt for your food. You can get all the things necessary to do so from nature. But it really, really, really sucks after a while. Money is just a tool we use to make trading things easier. And boy does it work well. No need to do everything from scratch. You dont need money to survive, but it makes it a lot easier. Easier to the point of feeling like you need it to survive.","ou really dont. But you better be one handy muldoon. You can still go live in the woods, subsistence farm and hunt for your food. You can get all the things necessary to do so from nature. But it really, really, really sucks after a while. Money is just a tool we use to make trading things easier. And boy does it work well. No need to do everything from scratch. You dont need money to survive, but it makes it a lot easier. Easier to the point of feeling like you need it to survive. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In real life, money is a very important matter in peoples lives. Money plays a huge role in society in a variety of ways such as in business, at peoples jobs, and even in education. Money helps people achieve a better quality of education, a larger chance of business success, and higher work output. Moneys most important function is as a medium of exchange to facilitate transactions. It is used as the source to fulfill basic needs as well as a source of comfort in life. Money is the most important source to live a healthy and prosperous life however cannot be compared by the importance of lContinue ReadingIn real life, money is a very important matter in peoples lives. Money plays a huge role in society in a variety of ways such as in business, at peoples jobs, and even in education. Money helps people achieve a better quality of education, a larger chance of business success, and higher work output. Moneys most important function is as a medium of exchange to facilitate transactions. It is used as the source to fulfill basic needs as well as a source of comfort in life. Money is the most important source to live a healthy and prosperous life however cannot be compared by the importance of love and care.","n real life, money is a very important matter in peoples lives. Money plays a huge role in society in a variety of ways such as in business, at peoples jobs, and even in education. Money helps people achieve a better quality of education, a larger chance of business success, and higher work output. Moneys most important function is as a medium of exchange to facilitate transactions. It is used as the source to fulfill basic needs as well as a source of comfort in life. Money is the most important source to live a healthy and prosperous life however cannot be compared by the importance of lContinue ReadingIn real life, money is a very important matter in peoples lives. Money plays a huge role in society in a variety of ways such as in business, at peoples jobs, and even in education. Money helps people achieve a better quality of education, a larger chance of business success, and higher work output. Moneys most important function is as a medium of exchange to facilitate transactions. It is used as the source to fulfill basic needs as well as a source of comfort in life. Money is the most important source to live a healthy and prosperous life however cannot be compared by the importance of love and care. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","We’ve grown used to civilization, but it isn’t necessary. The problem is that you’d have to learn to become wild again. It would be better for your survival to take others with you. There are some scary people in the middle of nowhere, like the homeless people in Santa Cruz who go up into the mountains to sleep. Things will constantly try to eat you. A lot of people can’t do it.","e’ve grown used to civilization, but it isn’t necessary. The problem is that you’d have to learn to become wild again. It would be better for your survival to take others with you. There are some scary people in the middle of nowhere, like the homeless people in Santa Cruz who go up into the mountains to sleep. Things will constantly try to eat you. A lot of people can’t do it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('feet')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","mile"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"A mile, used by the Romans, was 1,000 paces, about 1,618 yards. That works out to 4,854 feet. However, it was eventually standardized to be 8 furlongs. A furlong is the length of a furrow, the distance a team of oxen could pull a heavy plow without resting. Since a furlong is 220 yards (660 feet) that makes the mile 5,280 feet."," mile, used by the Romans, was 1,000 paces, about 1,618 yards. That works out to 4,854 feet. However, it was eventually standardized to be 8 furlongs. A furlong is the length of a furrow, the distance a team of oxen could pull a heavy plow without resting. Since a furlong is 220 yards (660 feet) that makes the mile 5,280 feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 5,280 feet in one mile. This is a commonly used conversion factor in the United States, where the mile is the primary unit of distance measurement for roadways, race tracks, and other applications. So, if you have a distance measured in miles and you want to convert it to feet, you can multiply the number of miles by 5,280 to get the number of feet. Conversely, if you have a distance measured in feet and you want to convert it to miles, you can divide the number of feet by 5,280 to get the number of miles.","here are 5,280 feet in one mile. This is a commonly used conversion factor in the United States, where the mile is the primary unit of distance measurement for roadways, race tracks, and other applications. So, if you have a distance measured in miles and you want to convert it to feet, you can multiply the number of miles by 5,280 to get the number of feet. Conversely, if you have a distance measured in feet and you want to convert it to miles, you can divide the number of feet by 5,280 to get the number of miles. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This is a lazy question for Quora! First of all, every educated person should KNOW this. Second, it is easily Googled and does not require the expertise of the people who answer these questions.","his is a lazy question for Quora! First of all, every educated person should KNOW this. Second, it is easily Googled and does not require the expertise of the people who answer these questions. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('smh')|","mean"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"SMH, in general, stands for “Shaking My Head”, which is accounted as an internet slang. It is commonly used to express your disagreement or disapproval over some matter. Although it can also be used to mean “Stupid Minded Humans” or “So Much Hate.”","SMH, in general, stands for “Shaking My Head”, which is accounted as an internet slang. It is commonly used to express your disagreement or disapproval over some matter. Although it can also be used to mean “Stupid Minded Humans” or “So Much Hate.” |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The acronym SMH means “Scratching My Head”. It’s used in social networking to imply a situation or person makes the reader wonder at the foolishness of it all.","he acronym SMH means “Scratching My Head”. It’s used in social networking to imply a situation or person makes the reader wonder at the foolishness of it all. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","|pal:NRT('hillary')|","clinton"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Because Hillary is no longer a politician or much in the public eye. Trump is still a politician and people wonder how long is likely to remain alive, especially if they expect him to run for President in 2024—-even if the odds of him being elected again are very low.","ecause Hillary is no longer a politician or much in the public eye. Trump is still a politician and people wonder how long is likely to remain alive, especially if they expect him to run for President in 2024—-even if the odds of him being elected again are very low. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Because it’s considered impolite to inquire about a woman’s age. I thought everyone knew that. 8 )Continue ReadingBecause it’s considered impolite to inquire about a woman’s age. I thought everyone knew that. 8 )","Because it’s considered impolite to inquire about a woman’s age. I thought everyone knew that. 8 )Continue ReadingBecause it’s considered impolite to inquire about a woman’s age. I thought everyone knew that. 8 ) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I dont care about the age of either, but I do worry about the mental health of someone who talks about the wonderful airports that we had in 1776 ."," dont care about the age of either, but I do worry about the mental health of someone who talks about the wonderful airports that we had in 1776 . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Are they responsible for calling the Donald Trump and idiot? In what way is the observation of the obvious an issue of responsibility? If they are responsible then kudos for them. Trump is an idiot, and even worse. The real issue is what are they, as well as all of us, going to do to rectify the situation that an idiot is the leader of a nation and as such wields terrible power.","re they responsible for calling the Donald Trump and idiot? In what way is the observation of the obvious an issue of responsibility? If they are responsible then kudos for them. Trump is an idiot, and even worse. The real issue is what are they, as well as all of us, going to do to rectify the situation that an idiot is the leader of a nation and as such wields terrible power. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","No, pretty everyone in the entire world is responsible for calling him an idiot… except for a minority of his supporters in one country… Mostly because he keeps doing idiotic things- which to most people tends to suggest that the person doing those idiotic things is indeed quite likely an idiot…","No, pretty everyone in the entire world is responsible for calling him an idiot… except for a minority of his supporters in one country… Mostly because he keeps doing idiotic things- which to most people tends to suggest that the person doing those idiotic things is indeed quite likely an idiot… |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('hillary')|","clinton"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"In the last two days a good friend in Germany and a good friend in Russia both told me they are very scared of Hillary. They believe she wants to start a war with Russia.","n the last two days a good friend in Germany and a good friend in Russia both told me they are very scared of Hillary. They believe she wants to start a war with Russia. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In Denmark, where I live, she is generally seen to be exceptionally qualified and highly respected.  ","In Denmark, where I live, she is generally seen to be exceptionally qualified and highly respected.   |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The link title is self explainitory.  What do other countries think about Hillary Clinton? • /r/PoliticalDiscussion  The consensus there is that Hillary is seen as the best choice if Trump is the alternative. Unfortunately the media blackout of the Sanders campaign extendes to international media.  The main exceptions of course are those places currently being subjected to U.S. drone strikes and/or in danger of future military intervention.  Then there is Iran. Clintons hardline hawkishness threatens to exacerbate an already delicate situation. When dealing with countries that are weaker then us,Continue ReadingThe link title is self explainitory.  What do other countries think about Hillary Clinton? • /r/PoliticalDiscussion  The consensus there is that Hillary is seen as the best choice if Trump is the alternative. Unfortunately the media blackout of the Sanders campaign extendes to international media.  The main exceptions of course are those places currently being subjected to U.S. drone strikes and/or in danger of future military intervention.  Then there is Iran. Clintons hardline hawkishness threatens to exacerbate an already delicate situation. When dealing with countries that are weaker then us, the strong arm approach that she has used over and over ends up making the U.S. look like an arrogant bully. When I was a prisoner in Iran, I came to fear the sound of Hillary Clintons voice  ","The link title is self explainitory.  What do other countries think about Hillary Clinton? • /r/PoliticalDiscussion  The consensus there is that Hillary is seen as the best choice if Trump is the alternative. Unfortunately the media blackout of the Sanders campaign extendes to international media.  The main exceptions of course are those places currently being subjected to U.S. drone strikes and/or in danger of future military intervention.  Then there is Iran. Clintons hardline hawkishness threatens to exacerbate an already delicate situation. When dealing with countries that are weaker then us,Continue ReadingThe link title is self explainitory.  What do other countries think about Hillary Clinton? • /r/PoliticalDiscussion  The consensus there is that Hillary is seen as the best choice if Trump is the alternative. Unfortunately the media blackout of the Sanders campaign extendes to international media.  The main exceptions of course are those places currently being subjected to U.S. drone strikes and/or in danger of future military intervention.  Then there is Iran. Clintons hardline hawkishness threatens to exacerbate an already delicate situation. When dealing with countries that are weaker then us, the strong arm approach that she has used over and over ends up making the U.S. look like an arrogant bully. When I was a prisoner in Iran, I came to fear the sound of Hillary Clintons voice   |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('boil')|","eggs"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.Continue ReadingThe minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.","he minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.Continue ReadingThe minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('delete')|","|pal:NRT('instagram')|","account"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"To delete an Instagram account, you can:Go to your account in the Instagram app.Tap the menu icon in the top-right corner of your profile.Tap Settings.Tap Accounts Center &gt; Personal details.Tap Account ownership and control &gt; Deactivation or deletion.Select the account you want to delete.Tap Delete account &gt; Continue.Re-enter your Instagram accounts password and click Continue.","o delete an Instagram account, you can:Go to your account in the Instagram app.Tap the menu icon in the top-right corner of your profile.Tap Settings.Tap Accounts Center &gt; Personal details.Tap Account ownership and control &gt; Deactivation or deletion.Select the account you want to delete.Tap Delete account &gt; Continue.Re-enter your Instagram accounts password and click Continue. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('bed')|","bugs"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"are","|pal:NRT('bed')|","|pal:NRT('bugs')|","real"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"are","|pal:NRT('bed')|","|pal:NRT('bugs')|","bad"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"I remember in the old country, when I was a kid, I used to go to a friends house for sleepover, they lived in a wood and tin slum house and sometimes I got bit by bed bugs, if I remember correctly they were like Mosquito bites."," remember in the old country, when I was a kid, I used to go to a friends house for sleepover, they lived in a wood and tin slum house and sometimes I got bit by bed bugs, if I remember correctly they were like Mosquito bites. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The itch is actually an immune respone to the bite. Your immune system under the skin turns the location red and an itch develops. The bleeding is because the bite is quite large c9mpared to smaller bites like mosquitoes. Mosquito bites are very small and take significantly less blood, thus a mosquito bit closes up easily afterwards (even if still painful). A bed bug makes a larger cut in the skin which has a greater difficulty in closing.","he itch is actually an immune respone to the bite. Your immune system under the skin turns the location red and an itch develops. The bleeding is because the bite is quite large c9mpared to smaller bites like mosquitoes. Mosquito bites are very small and take significantly less blood, thus a mosquito bit closes up easily afterwards (even if still painful). A bed bug makes a larger cut in the skin which has a greater difficulty in closing. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","These horrifying creatures inject an anesthetic and an anticoagulant into you so you dont feel the bite and so they can get a nice big stomach full of your blood without interruption. Imagine a bug that is so specialized at drinking blood that it injects things into you. Its the reaction to these injections that cause the itching and bleeding","These horrifying creatures inject an anesthetic and an anticoagulant into you so you dont feel the bite and so they can get a nice big stomach full of your blood without interruption. Imagine a bug that is so specialized at drinking blood that it injects things into you. Its the reaction to these injections that cause the itching and bleeding |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Kissing bugs are little, level, wingless creepy crawlies with six legs that, similar to mosquitoes, feed on blood from individuals or creatures. They range in shading from practically white to brown, however, they become corroded red subsequent to taking care of. The normal bloodsucker doesnt develop any longer than 0.2 inches 0.5 centimetres and can be seen by the unaided eye to the keen eyewitness. Bloodsuckers get their name since they like to stow away in the folds of the bedding or box spring. Kissing bugs can likewise stow away in floors, furniture, behind outlines, in trinkets, window oContinue ReadingKissing bugs are little, level, wingless creepy crawlies with six legs that, similar to mosquitoes, feed on blood from individuals or creatures. They range in shading from practically white to brown, however, they become corroded red subsequent to taking care of. The normal bloodsucker doesnt develop any longer than 0.2 inches 0.5 centimetres and can be seen by the unaided eye to the keen eyewitness. Bloodsuckers get their name since they like to stow away in the folds of the bedding or box spring. Kissing bugs can likewise stow away in floors, furniture, behind outlines, in trinkets, window ornaments, in outlets... essentially anyplace. Kissing bugs feed generally around evening time, or when we are inactive and are drawn in by the carbon dioxide we breathe out while dozing. Does bed bug bites itch like mosquito bites this is the question that we have always and the pain that both mosquito and bug bites are the same but it can be identified while we are seeing it.","issing bugs are little, level, wingless creepy crawlies with six legs that, similar to mosquitoes, feed on blood from individuals or creatures. They range in shading from practically white to brown, however, they become corroded red subsequent to taking care of. The normal bloodsucker doesnt develop any longer than 0.2 inches 0.5 centimetres and can be seen by the unaided eye to the keen eyewitness. Bloodsuckers get their name since they like to stow away in the folds of the bedding or box spring. Kissing bugs can likewise stow away in floors, furniture, behind outlines, in trinkets, window oContinue ReadingKissing bugs are little, level, wingless creepy crawlies with six legs that, similar to mosquitoes, feed on blood from individuals or creatures. They range in shading from practically white to brown, however, they become corroded red subsequent to taking care of. The normal bloodsucker doesnt develop any longer than 0.2 inches 0.5 centimetres and can be seen by the unaided eye to the keen eyewitness. Bloodsuckers get their name since they like to stow away in the folds of the bedding or box spring. Kissing bugs can likewise stow away in floors, furniture, behind outlines, in trinkets, window ornaments, in outlets... essentially anyplace. Kissing bugs feed generally around evening time, or when we are inactive and are drawn in by the carbon dioxide we breathe out while dozing. Does bed bug bites itch like mosquito bites this is the question that we have always and the pain that both mosquito and bug bites are the same but it can be identified while we are seeing it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('bed')|","bugs"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Bed bugs have been around for thousands of years. They are hardy little bugs that can survive for up to a year without consuming anything. Im referring to the act of sucking the life out of you. They have been a nuisance since the beginning of time, until some exceptionally brilliant individuals discovered a way to eradicate them. They employed DDT...yes, it worked to reduce bed bugs, but they also discovered that it was extremely hazardous to humans and pretty much anything else that could walk, fly, or swim in water. Some types of bed bugs may survive for up to 15 minutes in temperatures asContinue ReadingBed bugs have been around for thousands of years. They are hardy little bugs that can survive for up to a year without consuming anything. Im referring to the act of sucking the life out of you. They have been a nuisance since the beginning of time, until some exceptionally brilliant individuals discovered a way to eradicate them. They employed DDT...yes, it worked to reduce bed bugs, but they also discovered that it was extremely hazardous to humans and pretty much anything else that could walk, fly, or swim in water. Some types of bed bugs may survive for up to 15 minutes in temperatures as low as -25 degrees Fahrenheit.","ed bugs have been around for thousands of years. They are hardy little bugs that can survive for up to a year without consuming anything. Im referring to the act of sucking the life out of you. They have been a nuisance since the beginning of time, until some exceptionally brilliant individuals discovered a way to eradicate them. They employed DDT...yes, it worked to reduce bed bugs, but they also discovered that it was extremely hazardous to humans and pretty much anything else that could walk, fly, or swim in water. Some types of bed bugs may survive for up to 15 minutes in temperatures asContinue ReadingBed bugs have been around for thousands of years. They are hardy little bugs that can survive for up to a year without consuming anything. Im referring to the act of sucking the life out of you. They have been a nuisance since the beginning of time, until some exceptionally brilliant individuals discovered a way to eradicate them. They employed DDT...yes, it worked to reduce bed bugs, but they also discovered that it was extremely hazardous to humans and pretty much anything else that could walk, fly, or swim in water. Some types of bed bugs may survive for up to 15 minutes in temperatures as low as -25 degrees Fahrenheit. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Bed bugs are small wingless insects that feed humans blood. They usually bite at night when people are sleeping. In the starting, their bite can be painless but after some time, start to itching and the result is, their bites can affect on health including skin rashes, allergic symptoms etc. They can’t fly but move quickly over floors, walls. They may enter in the home through luggage, warm cloths, used or old beds and other household items.","ed bugs are small wingless insects that feed humans blood. They usually bite at night when people are sleeping. In the starting, their bite can be painless but after some time, start to itching and the result is, their bites can affect on health including skin rashes, allergic symptoms etc. They can’t fly but move quickly over floors, walls. They may enter in the home through luggage, warm cloths, used or old beds and other household items. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Bed bugs are blood-eating insects. They require blood to breed and blood meals to survive; but unlike mosquitoes, they cant fly to get to their food. And, unlike ticks, they dont have the convenience of living on a host. Bed bugs must find another way to get the food they need. So, these bugs hide near their food source and wait until it is safe to come out and feed. Bed bugs dwell almost exclusively with humans, and they can be found all over the world and in all 50 states. While it is often assumed that they come from hotels and motels, the list of places bed bugs have been found is much morContinue ReadingBed bugs are blood-eating insects. They require blood to breed and blood meals to survive; but unlike mosquitoes, they cant fly to get to their food. And, unlike ticks, they dont have the convenience of living on a host. Bed bugs must find another way to get the food they need. So, these bugs hide near their food source and wait until it is safe to come out and feed. Bed bugs dwell almost exclusively with humans, and they can be found all over the world and in all 50 states. While it is often assumed that they come from hotels and motels, the list of places bed bugs have been found is much more extensive. Bed bugs are hitchhiking bugs. They can hitch a ride anywhere and at any time; but there are some places you should look more closely for them. If you spend the night in a hotel, motel, or resort, no matter how clean and well kept, be sure to do an inspection for bed bugs. While these are not the only places youll pick bed bugs up, they are at the top of the list. If you use public transportation, be sure to keep an eye out for these bugs as well as the signs they leave. When guests come to stay at your home, they may bring bed bugs with them without knowing. The bugs could come from their home or they could have picked them up while traveling. A good precaution is to wash all their bedding on the hottest temperature once they have departed. When your kids visit a friends house, they could bring bed bugs home with them. Knowing how to identify bed bugs and their eggs can prevent an infestation. Examine all items brought back into the house, especially the seams. Bed bugs can come home with you from work. If you know what bed bug bites look like, you may recognize the threat before you bring it home. The bites from bed bugs are usually in a line or a cluster, and are often surrounded by a rash. If you pick up used furniture from the side of the road or purchase some second hand, it is important to examine them closely for black streaks, shed insect casings, and blood stains. Bed bugs dont just hide in beds.","ed bugs are blood-eating insects. They require blood to breed and blood meals to survive; but unlike mosquitoes, they cant fly to get to their food. And, unlike ticks, they dont have the convenience of living on a host. Bed bugs must find another way to get the food they need. So, these bugs hide near their food source and wait until it is safe to come out and feed. Bed bugs dwell almost exclusively with humans, and they can be found all over the world and in all 50 states. While it is often assumed that they come from hotels and motels, the list of places bed bugs have been found is much morContinue ReadingBed bugs are blood-eating insects. They require blood to breed and blood meals to survive; but unlike mosquitoes, they cant fly to get to their food. And, unlike ticks, they dont have the convenience of living on a host. Bed bugs must find another way to get the food they need. So, these bugs hide near their food source and wait until it is safe to come out and feed. Bed bugs dwell almost exclusively with humans, and they can be found all over the world and in all 50 states. While it is often assumed that they come from hotels and motels, the list of places bed bugs have been found is much more extensive. Bed bugs are hitchhiking bugs. They can hitch a ride anywhere and at any time; but there are some places you should look more closely for them. If you spend the night in a hotel, motel, or resort, no matter how clean and well kept, be sure to do an inspection for bed bugs. While these are not the only places youll pick bed bugs up, they are at the top of the list. If you use public transportation, be sure to keep an eye out for these bugs as well as the signs they leave. When guests come to stay at your home, they may bring bed bugs with them without knowing. The bugs could come from their home or they could have picked them up while traveling. A good precaution is to wash all their bedding on the hottest temperature once they have departed. When your kids visit a friends house, they could bring bed bugs home with them. Knowing how to identify bed bugs and their eggs can prevent an infestation. Examine all items brought back into the house, especially the seams. Bed bugs can come home with you from work. If you know what bed bug bites look like, you may recognize the threat before you bring it home. The bites from bed bugs are usually in a line or a cluster, and are often surrounded by a rash. If you pick up used furniture from the side of the road or purchase some second hand, it is important to examine them closely for black streaks, shed insect casings, and blood stains. Bed bugs dont just hide in beds. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Bed bugs also known as Cimex lectulariusbed are small oval insects 1.5 inch in size. Bed Bugs have reddish brown color and feed on human blood. They are generally active at night and pierce the skin to suck in the blood.  Continue ReadingBed bugs also known as Cimex lectulariusbed are small oval insects 1.5 inch in size. Bed Bugs have reddish brown color and feed on human blood. They are generally active at night and pierce the skin to suck in the blood.  ","Bed bugs also known as Cimex lectulariusbed are small oval insects 1.5 inch in size. Bed Bugs have reddish brown color and feed on human blood. They are generally active at night and pierce the skin to suck in the blood.  Continue ReadingBed bugs also known as Cimex lectulariusbed are small oval insects 1.5 inch in size. Bed Bugs have reddish brown color and feed on human blood. They are generally active at night and pierce the skin to suck in the blood.   |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Bed Bugs are in fact insects belonging to the insect order Hemiptera.","ed Bugs are in fact insects belonging to the insect order Hemiptera. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('draw')|","rose"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"Yes. I drew two for an art assignment. I added texture somewhere in the background too. Here it isContinue ReadingYes. I drew two for an art assignment. I added texture somewhere in the background too. Here it is","Yes. I drew two for an art assignment. I added texture somewhere in the background too. Here it isContinue ReadingYes. I drew two for an art assignment. I added texture somewhere in the background too. Here it is |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","//not for reproduction Apparently not.^^ An attempt to draw a rose from imagination. I mean, I could copy a photo, but that wouldn’t be quite me drawing it.Continue Reading//not for reproduction Apparently not.^^ An attempt to draw a rose from imagination. I mean, I could copy a photo, but that wouldn’t be quite me drawing it.","/not for reproduction Apparently not.^^ An attempt to draw a rose from imagination. I mean, I could copy a photo, but that wouldn’t be quite me drawing it.Continue Reading//not for reproduction Apparently not.^^ An attempt to draw a rose from imagination. I mean, I could copy a photo, but that wouldn’t be quite me drawing it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Here is a basic step-by-step guide on how to draw a rose:Sketch the center: Draw a small circle or oval in the center of your paper to represent the center of the rose.Draw the petals: Draw five or six petals around the center, making them slightly curved and overlapping. The petals should be a little longer near the center and shorter near the outer edges.Add more petals: Draw a few more petals, overlapping the first set, to create a full rose shape. Make sure to vary the sizes of the petals for a more natural look.Sketch the stem: Draw a stem coming out of the bottom of the rose and add someContinue ReadingHere is a basic step-by-step guide on how to draw a rose:Sketch the center: Draw a small circle or oval in the center of your paper to represent the center of the rose.Draw the petals: Draw five or six petals around the center, making them slightly curved and overlapping. The petals should be a little longer near the center and shorter near the outer edges.Add more petals: Draw a few more petals, overlapping the first set, to create a full rose shape. Make sure to vary the sizes of the petals for a more natural look.Sketch the stem: Draw a stem coming out of the bottom of the rose and add some leaves.Refine the lines: Go over the lines of your drawing with a darker pencil or pen to refine the shapes of the petals and leaves.Add shading: Shade the petals and leaves to give them depth and dimension. Pay attention to where the light source is and shade the areas that are furthest from the light source.Final touches: Add any final details, such as highlights or texture, to make your rose look more realistic.This is just a basic guide on how to draw a rose. With practice and experimentation, you can develop your own unique style and create more complex rose drawings. Enjoy! Eyeballus","Here is a basic step-by-step guide on how to draw a rose:Sketch the center: Draw a small circle or oval in the center of your paper to represent the center of the rose.Draw the petals: Draw five or six petals around the center, making them slightly curved and overlapping. The petals should be a little longer near the center and shorter near the outer edges.Add more petals: Draw a few more petals, overlapping the first set, to create a full rose shape. Make sure to vary the sizes of the petals for a more natural look.Sketch the stem: Draw a stem coming out of the bottom of the rose and add someContinue ReadingHere is a basic step-by-step guide on how to draw a rose:Sketch the center: Draw a small circle or oval in the center of your paper to represent the center of the rose.Draw the petals: Draw five or six petals around the center, making them slightly curved and overlapping. The petals should be a little longer near the center and shorter near the outer edges.Add more petals: Draw a few more petals, overlapping the first set, to create a full rose shape. Make sure to vary the sizes of the petals for a more natural look.Sketch the stem: Draw a stem coming out of the bottom of the rose and add some leaves.Refine the lines: Go over the lines of your drawing with a darker pencil or pen to refine the shapes of the petals and leaves.Add shading: Shade the petals and leaves to give them depth and dimension. Pay attention to where the light source is and shade the areas that are furthest from the light source.Final touches: Add any final details, such as highlights or texture, to make your rose look more realistic.This is just a basic guide on how to draw a rose. With practice and experimentation, you can develop your own unique style and create more complex rose drawings. Enjoy! Eyeballus |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I have 3 methods:The 6 methodThe circle/cylinder methodThe circle/circle/curved line methodThe first one was acutally something I learned from DeviantArt, but I have forgotten the users name… will edit when I find out. ONE:Draw the number 6. Add your petals, make sure that they start small and gradually get bigger. (See the 6 in the middle?) TWO:(You can make yours prettier) Draw a large oval. This will determine how large you want your petals. Draw a squat cylinder. In the middle of your cylinder, draw a long spiral. Connect the open parts of the spiral. Add your petals. Make sure that you make them Continue ReadingI have 3 methods:The 6 methodThe circle/cylinder methodThe circle/circle/curved line methodThe first one was acutally something I learned from DeviantArt, but I have forgotten the users name… will edit when I find out. ONE:Draw the number 6. Add your petals, make sure that they start small and gradually get bigger. (See the 6 in the middle?) TWO:(You can make yours prettier) Draw a large oval. This will determine how large you want your petals. Draw a squat cylinder. In the middle of your cylinder, draw a long spiral. Connect the open parts of the spiral. Add your petals. Make sure that you make them GROW small from the center to large. Add more petals if you wish. THREE:Perhaps one of the oldest methods Ive used Draw medium sized circle. Draw a smaller oval above it (oval should be one oval of that same shape apart) Connect the two with lines curved inward /like so: ) ( / Draw your spiral like the one prior. Add your petals, making sure that they overlap a bit (the largest petal starts from one end of the large circle on the bottom . Add some flair and more petals."," have 3 methods:The 6 methodThe circle/cylinder methodThe circle/circle/curved line methodThe first one was acutally something I learned from DeviantArt, but I have forgotten the users name… will edit when I find out. ONE:Draw the number 6. Add your petals, make sure that they start small and gradually get bigger. (See the 6 in the middle?) TWO:(You can make yours prettier) Draw a large oval. This will determine how large you want your petals. Draw a squat cylinder. In the middle of your cylinder, draw a long spiral. Connect the open parts of the spiral. Add your petals. Make sure that you make them Continue ReadingI have 3 methods:The 6 methodThe circle/cylinder methodThe circle/circle/curved line methodThe first one was acutally something I learned from DeviantArt, but I have forgotten the users name… will edit when I find out. ONE:Draw the number 6. Add your petals, make sure that they start small and gradually get bigger. (See the 6 in the middle?) TWO:(You can make yours prettier) Draw a large oval. This will determine how large you want your petals. Draw a squat cylinder. In the middle of your cylinder, draw a long spiral. Connect the open parts of the spiral. Add your petals. Make sure that you make them GROW small from the center to large. Add more petals if you wish. THREE:Perhaps one of the oldest methods Ive used Draw medium sized circle. Draw a smaller oval above it (oval should be one oval of that same shape apart) Connect the two with lines curved inward /like so: ) ( / Draw your spiral like the one prior. Add your petals, making sure that they overlap a bit (the largest petal starts from one end of the large circle on the bottom . Add some flair and more petals. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","These are some rose sketches I have done   Continue ReadingThese are some rose sketches I have done   ","These are some rose sketches I have done   Continue ReadingThese are some rose sketches I have done    |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","piz"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Oprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here.","prah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Here are some tips for cooking delicious pizza:Use high-quality ingredients: Start with a good crust, either homemade or store-bought, and use fresh, high-quality toppings.Preheat the oven: Preheat your oven to the highest temperature it can go, typically around 260–280 degrees celsius. This will give your pizza a crispy crust.Use a pizza stone: If you have one, a pizza stone will help to cook the pizza evenly and give it a crispy crust.Add a sprinkle of cornmeal: Before placing the dough on the pizza stone or baking sheet, sprinkle some cornmeal on it. This will help to prevent the dough fromContinue ReadingHere are some tips for cooking delicious pizza:Use high-quality ingredients: Start with a good crust, either homemade or store-bought, and use fresh, high-quality toppings.Preheat the oven: Preheat your oven to the highest temperature it can go, typically around 260–280 degrees celsius. This will give your pizza a crispy crust.Use a pizza stone: If you have one, a pizza stone will help to cook the pizza evenly and give it a crispy crust.Add a sprinkle of cornmeal: Before placing the dough on the pizza stone or baking sheet, sprinkle some cornmeal on it. This will help to prevent the dough from sticking and give it a nice texture.Dont overload the pizza: Avoid adding too many toppings to your pizza, as this can make it soggy and harder to cook evenly.Cook the pizza on the bottom rack of the oven: This will ensure that the crust gets crispy and doesnt burn.Use a pizza peel: A pizza peel is a tool that helps to transfer the pizza to and from the oven. It will make it easier to handle the pizza and prevent it from sticking.Let it rest: Once the pizza is done, take it out of the oven and let it rest for a few minutes. This will allow the cheese to set and the toppings to cool down a bit, which will make it easier to slice and serve.Experiment with different styles: There are many different styles of pizza out there, such as Neapolitan, Chicago-style, and New York-style. Experiment with different recipes and techniques to find the one that you like best.Remember that cooking pizza is an art and you will get better with practice, and dont be afraid to try new things and see what works best for you.","ere are some tips for cooking delicious pizza:Use high-quality ingredients: Start with a good crust, either homemade or store-bought, and use fresh, high-quality toppings.Preheat the oven: Preheat your oven to the highest temperature it can go, typically around 260–280 degrees celsius. This will give your pizza a crispy crust.Use a pizza stone: If you have one, a pizza stone will help to cook the pizza evenly and give it a crispy crust.Add a sprinkle of cornmeal: Before placing the dough on the pizza stone or baking sheet, sprinkle some cornmeal on it. This will help to prevent the dough fromContinue ReadingHere are some tips for cooking delicious pizza:Use high-quality ingredients: Start with a good crust, either homemade or store-bought, and use fresh, high-quality toppings.Preheat the oven: Preheat your oven to the highest temperature it can go, typically around 260–280 degrees celsius. This will give your pizza a crispy crust.Use a pizza stone: If you have one, a pizza stone will help to cook the pizza evenly and give it a crispy crust.Add a sprinkle of cornmeal: Before placing the dough on the pizza stone or baking sheet, sprinkle some cornmeal on it. This will help to prevent the dough from sticking and give it a nice texture.Dont overload the pizza: Avoid adding too many toppings to your pizza, as this can make it soggy and harder to cook evenly.Cook the pizza on the bottom rack of the oven: This will ensure that the crust gets crispy and doesnt burn.Use a pizza peel: A pizza peel is a tool that helps to transfer the pizza to and from the oven. It will make it easier to handle the pizza and prevent it from sticking.Let it rest: Once the pizza is done, take it out of the oven and let it rest for a few minutes. This will allow the cheese to set and the toppings to cool down a bit, which will make it easier to slice and serve.Experiment with different styles: There are many different styles of pizza out there, such as Neapolitan, Chicago-style, and New York-style. Experiment with different recipes and techniques to find the one that you like best.Remember that cooking pizza is an art and you will get better with practice, and dont be afraid to try new things and see what works best for you. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Whether youre making your own dough and using a brick oven or buying premade dough and using a stove top oven there are a couple different tips for building a great pizza pie.Symmetry! When youre adding your sauce, cheese and toppings, start from the outside and make your way towards the center. This applies to every area of the pizza and is not just for presentation purposes. This will help your pizza cook thoroughly and evenly. No one likes taking a couple bites only to find themselves on a journey chomping through 12 inches of dry crust. Or, taking a bite of thick gooey cheese that ends uContinue ReadingWhether youre making your own dough and using a brick oven or buying premade dough and using a stove top oven there are a couple different tips for building a great pizza pie.Symmetry! When youre adding your sauce, cheese and toppings, start from the outside and make your way towards the center. This applies to every area of the pizza and is not just for presentation purposes. This will help your pizza cook thoroughly and evenly. No one likes taking a couple bites only to find themselves on a journey chomping through 12 inches of dry crust. Or, taking a bite of thick gooey cheese that ends up running off your pie taking every topping with it leaving you with a plain scolding hot red sauce pizza.The flavor is in the sauce! Putting the work in ahead of time pays off. I personally have a lot of different pizza sauce recipes. If youre in a hurry and need to swing by the local market to pick up some basic Prego pizza sauce to ensure you dont miss the latest episode of Game of Thrones - no need to worry. While youre at the store take the extra minute to grab some fresh garlic, oregano, salt and pepper. Add your seasoning, minced garlic and oregano to your canned pizza sauce and bring it to a simmer over the stove. Simmering for just 5-10mins will help add more flavor to your pizza. Also, make sure you let the sauce cool before spreading it over your dough. You dont want your cheese to start cooking from boiling stovetop sauce before it goes in the oven.Now, how about some pics to help out!Roll out your dough and place it on the pizza stone. With the underside of a spoon spread melted butter and olive oil around the edges of the pizza. Sprinkle garlic, red pepper and oregano around the edges. This will give your crust an extra kick of flavor and will prevent it from burning to a crisp.Scoop up some of your sauce with a large spoon and start to spread it around the pizza. Remember start from the outside and make your way towards the middle.Follow the same process with your cheese and toppings. If youre using a stove top oven, make sure your pizza is on the bottom rack. The dough will take longer to cook than the toppings.Voilà!","Whether youre making your own dough and using a brick oven or buying premade dough and using a stove top oven there are a couple different tips for building a great pizza pie.Symmetry! When youre adding your sauce, cheese and toppings, start from the outside and make your way towards the center. This applies to every area of the pizza and is not just for presentation purposes. This will help your pizza cook thoroughly and evenly. No one likes taking a couple bites only to find themselves on a journey chomping through 12 inches of dry crust. Or, taking a bite of thick gooey cheese that ends uContinue ReadingWhether youre making your own dough and using a brick oven or buying premade dough and using a stove top oven there are a couple different tips for building a great pizza pie.Symmetry! When youre adding your sauce, cheese and toppings, start from the outside and make your way towards the center. This applies to every area of the pizza and is not just for presentation purposes. This will help your pizza cook thoroughly and evenly. No one likes taking a couple bites only to find themselves on a journey chomping through 12 inches of dry crust. Or, taking a bite of thick gooey cheese that ends up running off your pie taking every topping with it leaving you with a plain scolding hot red sauce pizza.The flavor is in the sauce! Putting the work in ahead of time pays off. I personally have a lot of different pizza sauce recipes. If youre in a hurry and need to swing by the local market to pick up some basic Prego pizza sauce to ensure you dont miss the latest episode of Game of Thrones - no need to worry. While youre at the store take the extra minute to grab some fresh garlic, oregano, salt and pepper. Add your seasoning, minced garlic and oregano to your canned pizza sauce and bring it to a simmer over the stove. Simmering for just 5-10mins will help add more flavor to your pizza. Also, make sure you let the sauce cool before spreading it over your dough. You dont want your cheese to start cooking from boiling stovetop sauce before it goes in the oven.Now, how about some pics to help out!Roll out your dough and place it on the pizza stone. With the underside of a spoon spread melted butter and olive oil around the edges of the pizza. Sprinkle garlic, red pepper and oregano around the edges. This will give your crust an extra kick of flavor and will prevent it from burning to a crisp.Scoop up some of your sauce with a large spoon and start to spread it around the pizza. Remember start from the outside and make your way towards the middle.Follow the same process with your cheese and toppings. If youre using a stove top oven, make sure your pizza is on the bottom rack. The dough will take longer to cook than the toppings.Voilà! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('be')|","sexy"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Fishnets are considered sexy because they show legs to their best advantage, and they tease the idea of a naked leg.  The fishnet stitch of the tight stretches where legs are fuller (calves, thighs), and the stitch comes together and appears to darken where they are not: basically giving shading to the legs and making even a less shapely leg look nicer. And, like most titillating clothing items, the fishnet both covers and shows off the leg.  I dont know the history of the fishnet though!","Fishnets are considered sexy because they show legs to their best advantage, and they tease the idea of a naked leg.  The fishnet stitch of the tight stretches where legs are fuller (calves, thighs), and the stitch comes together and appears to darken where they are not: basically giving shading to the legs and making even a less shapely leg look nicer. And, like most titillating clothing items, the fishnet both covers and shows off the leg.  I dont know the history of the fishnet though! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The holes reveal —and lighten up —one’s legs to their full splendour, especially if the skin of the legs having those stockings on happen to be femininely white and satin smooth. In that case, those hollow little holes all over the stockings easily transform themselves into sparklingly solid, criss-crossing tunnel-like yet shiny lights which, in most cases —being symbolically so much like lighted-up virginal canals in men’s sub-conscious mind —should arouse the primeval, exploratory instincts of men to grope and search for the source of those lights in “the heart of darkness” that has absolutelContinue ReadingThe holes reveal —and lighten up —one’s legs to their full splendour, especially if the skin of the legs having those stockings on happen to be femininely white and satin smooth. In that case, those hollow little holes all over the stockings easily transform themselves into sparklingly solid, criss-crossing tunnel-like yet shiny lights which, in most cases —being symbolically so much like lighted-up virginal canals in men’s sub-conscious mind —should arouse the primeval, exploratory instincts of men to grope and search for the source of those lights in “the heart of darkness” that has absolutely got to be found in between the legs. In the meantime, the flimsy material from which the stockings are made is inviting men to destroy it, much like soldiers naturally use any force at their disposal to demolish any barrier that blocks their path to succeed in their conquest. Therefore although fishnet stockings are not just titillating but also sexy, the tremendous sex drive that they can arouse in men also engulfs men in uncontrollable, fiery passion, which means that it is not at all uncommon for fishnet stockings to be ROUTINELY TRASHED —simply torn apart here and there with the brute force of masculinity —because men just can’t wait to pull them off to successfully fish in the sweetness of that slit-like, narrow river. Amidst the erotic flames of the intense passion that those stockings are generating in their heart, many men simply couldnt care less to have the fishnet stockings —however expensive they may be —instantly trashed and shredded, so as to be able to be more direct and efficient in harvesting that naughty, mouthwatering fish meat hidden somewhere in between those two thighs :","The holes reveal —and lighten up —one’s legs to their full splendour, especially if the skin of the legs having those stockings on happen to be femininely white and satin smooth. In that case, those hollow little holes all over the stockings easily transform themselves into sparklingly solid, criss-crossing tunnel-like yet shiny lights which, in most cases —being symbolically so much like lighted-up virginal canals in men’s sub-conscious mind —should arouse the primeval, exploratory instincts of men to grope and search for the source of those lights in “the heart of darkness” that has absolutelContinue ReadingThe holes reveal —and lighten up —one’s legs to their full splendour, especially if the skin of the legs having those stockings on happen to be femininely white and satin smooth. In that case, those hollow little holes all over the stockings easily transform themselves into sparklingly solid, criss-crossing tunnel-like yet shiny lights which, in most cases —being symbolically so much like lighted-up virginal canals in men’s sub-conscious mind —should arouse the primeval, exploratory instincts of men to grope and search for the source of those lights in “the heart of darkness” that has absolutely got to be found in between the legs. In the meantime, the flimsy material from which the stockings are made is inviting men to destroy it, much like soldiers naturally use any force at their disposal to demolish any barrier that blocks their path to succeed in their conquest. Therefore although fishnet stockings are not just titillating but also sexy, the tremendous sex drive that they can arouse in men also engulfs men in uncontrollable, fiery passion, which means that it is not at all uncommon for fishnet stockings to be ROUTINELY TRASHED —simply torn apart here and there with the brute force of masculinity —because men just can’t wait to pull them off to successfully fish in the sweetness of that slit-like, narrow river. Amidst the erotic flames of the intense passion that those stockings are generating in their heart, many men simply couldnt care less to have the fishnet stockings —however expensive they may be —instantly trashed and shredded, so as to be able to be more direct and efficient in harvesting that naughty, mouthwatering fish meat hidden somewhere in between those two thighs : |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","THE HISTORY OF FISHNETS Fishnet hose can trace their history back to l’opera comique (comic opera) which flourished in Paris starting in maybe the 1860s, an art form that combined sometimes great light classical music, satirical humor poking fun at the stuffy upper class, and gorgeous women. All this under rigorous censorship. The male customers wanted to see the naked legs of these gorgeous women, but nudity was definitely forbidden. So they tried clothing their legs in skin-colored opaque tights. But that didn’t quite work. It made the texture of the legs look too flat. So they hit upon blackContinue ReadingTHE HISTORY OF FISHNETS Fishnet hose can trace their history back to l’opera comique (comic opera) which flourished in Paris starting in maybe the 1860s, an art form that combined sometimes great light classical music, satirical humor poking fun at the stuffy upper class, and gorgeous women. All this under rigorous censorship. The male customers wanted to see the naked legs of these gorgeous women, but nudity was definitely forbidden. So they tried clothing their legs in skin-colored opaque tights. But that didn’t quite work. It made the texture of the legs look too flat. So they hit upon black fishnets over the opaques to give, from a distance, more of an impression of shadows, of texture, even maybe of a bit of hair. Much more realistic! The same hosiery combination quickly spread to related art forms—music hall in England, burlesque in the US, chorus lines in Las Vegas and other places, and so on. So the sexy/trashy associations of fishnets, especially black ones, are due to their origins. I love it!","THE HISTORY OF FISHNETS Fishnet hose can trace their history back to l’opera comique (comic opera) which flourished in Paris starting in maybe the 1860s, an art form that combined sometimes great light classical music, satirical humor poking fun at the stuffy upper class, and gorgeous women. All this under rigorous censorship. The male customers wanted to see the naked legs of these gorgeous women, but nudity was definitely forbidden. So they tried clothing their legs in skin-colored opaque tights. But that didn’t quite work. It made the texture of the legs look too flat. So they hit upon blackContinue ReadingTHE HISTORY OF FISHNETS Fishnet hose can trace their history back to l’opera comique (comic opera) which flourished in Paris starting in maybe the 1860s, an art form that combined sometimes great light classical music, satirical humor poking fun at the stuffy upper class, and gorgeous women. All this under rigorous censorship. The male customers wanted to see the naked legs of these gorgeous women, but nudity was definitely forbidden. So they tried clothing their legs in skin-colored opaque tights. But that didn’t quite work. It made the texture of the legs look too flat. So they hit upon black fishnets over the opaques to give, from a distance, more of an impression of shadows, of texture, even maybe of a bit of hair. Much more realistic! The same hosiery combination quickly spread to related art forms—music hall in England, burlesque in the US, chorus lines in Las Vegas and other places, and so on. So the sexy/trashy associations of fishnets, especially black ones, are due to their origins. I love it! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","They were originally worn mostly by strippers in the 50’s and 60’s, probably earlier. The became more mainstream sexy when “Average women” started wearing them to look attractive for men. Trashy occurred when overweight ugly women thought that wrapping an elephant in sexy clothing equaled look attractive, but they go well beyond normal attractive to overdone trashy looking to achieve their “look”. CW","They were originally worn mostly by strippers in the 50’s and 60’s, probably earlier. The became more mainstream sexy when “Average women” started wearing them to look attractive for men. Trashy occurred when overweight ugly women thought that wrapping an elephant in sexy clothing equaled look attractive, but they go well beyond normal attractive to overdone trashy looking to achieve their “look”. CW |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","cuz it’s stockings!😍Continue Readingcuz it’s stockings!😍","cuz it’s stockings!😍Continue Readingcuz it’s stockings!😍 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('use')|","snapchat"}, nil, {0,1.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Research &amp; Understand how much of your target audience is on Snapchat.Explore what features of Snapchat you can explore to reach your audience.Research and understand Snapchat algorithm.Create content strategy and start producing content that would resonate to your audience.Upload and experiment with various types of content and features.Analyse monthly and optimize accordingly.","esearch &amp; Understand how much of your target audience is on Snapchat.Explore what features of Snapchat you can explore to reach your audience.Research and understand Snapchat algorithm.Create content strategy and start producing content that would resonate to your audience.Upload and experiment with various types of content and features.Analyse monthly and optimize accordingly. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I worked for a college startup that offered a payment processor for local bars on users mobile phones. With a target market of college students, social media played a huge role in getting people to our events, particularly Snapchat.  On one occasion, we hosted an event at a local bar. The deal was that if you used our app to pay for your cover charge to get in the bar, you got a wristband (with our logo of course) and you could enjoy $1 pitchers of beer. As the night progressed, I continued to monitor our social media channels to see where we were recieving the most buzz and was blown away by Continue ReadingI worked for a college startup that offered a payment processor for local bars on users mobile phones. With a target market of college students, social media played a huge role in getting people to our events, particularly Snapchat.  On one occasion, we hosted an event at a local bar. The deal was that if you used our app to pay for your cover charge to get in the bar, you got a wristband (with our logo of course) and you could enjoy $1 pitchers of beer. As the night progressed, I continued to monitor our social media channels to see where we were recieving the most buzz and was blown away by the number of people broadcasting the event via Snapchat. People who had never heard of the app before were coming to the bar to try it out and to get in on the excitement they had seen from a Snap.  By 10PM the line was out the door and down the street. That night we learned the power of Snapchat and continued to use it to promote our events with the goal in mind that we want as many people as possible to hear about our promotions. The more people that were taking Snaps, the more people tended to show up to see what was going on. Often times a tweet or post on Facebook prior to the event wont have the same effect as seeing it happening in real time via somebodys Snapstory. And in a college town where every bar is within walking distance, seeing that something fun is going on nearby is a great way to get potential users to an event. To answer your question more directly: use Snapchat to promote your company by giving your audience something worth Snapping about. Host a fun/visually entertaining event (ex: Something as simple as having a mascot present that people can take pictures with). Make it a contest. Build a following on your own Snapchat account and post about your marketing events there. Be creative because thats what people talk about. Hope this helps."," worked for a college startup that offered a payment processor for local bars on users mobile phones. With a target market of college students, social media played a huge role in getting people to our events, particularly Snapchat.  On one occasion, we hosted an event at a local bar. The deal was that if you used our app to pay for your cover charge to get in the bar, you got a wristband (with our logo of course) and you could enjoy $1 pitchers of beer. As the night progressed, I continued to monitor our social media channels to see where we were recieving the most buzz and was blown away by Continue ReadingI worked for a college startup that offered a payment processor for local bars on users mobile phones. With a target market of college students, social media played a huge role in getting people to our events, particularly Snapchat.  On one occasion, we hosted an event at a local bar. The deal was that if you used our app to pay for your cover charge to get in the bar, you got a wristband (with our logo of course) and you could enjoy $1 pitchers of beer. As the night progressed, I continued to monitor our social media channels to see where we were recieving the most buzz and was blown away by the number of people broadcasting the event via Snapchat. People who had never heard of the app before were coming to the bar to try it out and to get in on the excitement they had seen from a Snap.  By 10PM the line was out the door and down the street. That night we learned the power of Snapchat and continued to use it to promote our events with the goal in mind that we want as many people as possible to hear about our promotions. The more people that were taking Snaps, the more people tended to show up to see what was going on. Often times a tweet or post on Facebook prior to the event wont have the same effect as seeing it happening in real time via somebodys Snapstory. And in a college town where every bar is within walking distance, seeing that something fun is going on nearby is a great way to get potential users to an event. To answer your question more directly: use Snapchat to promote your company by giving your audience something worth Snapping about. Host a fun/visually entertaining event (ex: Something as simple as having a mascot present that people can take pictures with). Make it a contest. Build a following on your own Snapchat account and post about your marketing events there. Be creative because thats what people talk about. Hope this helps. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Its growing popularity among the older users means that Snapchat has evolved beyond being a fad among high schoolers. Plenty of adults, brands, and businesses now use it, so its a viable tool for both B2B and B2C. Why Snapchat Can Be Good For Your Business 1. You Can Use Snapchat To Go Behind The Scenes In the middle-of-funnel marketing path - when your potential clients have gone beyond brand awareness and gleaning helpful information from your content marketing and are now actively considering your product or service - this is where Snapchat can do some good. Its a great tool for creating a Continue ReadingIts growing popularity among the older users means that Snapchat has evolved beyond being a fad among high schoolers. Plenty of adults, brands, and businesses now use it, so its a viable tool for both B2B and B2C. Why Snapchat Can Be Good For Your Business 1. You Can Use Snapchat To Go Behind The Scenes In the middle-of-funnel marketing path - when your potential clients have gone beyond brand awareness and gleaning helpful information from your content marketing and are now actively considering your product or service - this is where Snapchat can do some good. Its a great tool for creating a behind-the-scenes experience for clients. You can create a Snapchat video or infographic with its fun-to-view features and give people a memorable, tactile immersion into how your product or service is made.2. You Can Use Snapchat To Create Innovative Partnerships With Influencers Find an influencer in your industry whom you trust and respect, and see if he or she would be interested in a takeover and give them the freedom to post whatever content they want on your account for a day. Not only will it catch the attention of your target audience, but itll give your brand a compelling endorsement from a thought leader. Once the takeover is confirmed, make sure you let your target audience know that its going to happen and build anticipation for it.3. You Can Use Snapchat Content To Help Clients Better Understand The Problems They Are Trying To Solve As mentioned in the introduction, Snapchat is not a bottom-of-funnel direct conversion tool. Its middle and top. One way to do top-of-funnel content is to create content that is informative, helpful, and somehow valuable for our customers. In the top-of-funnel stage, as every devoted Hubspot-trained marketer knows, potential clients are not yet looking for solutions, they simply have an awareness of a problem, and theyre trying to find more information about that problem. Provide that information on Snapchat. Use the apps innovative features to create videos or infographics that help clients understand their problem better in a way that prepares them for the next middle-of-funnel stage - the search for solutions and comparison of products and services","Its growing popularity among the older users means that Snapchat has evolved beyond being a fad among high schoolers. Plenty of adults, brands, and businesses now use it, so its a viable tool for both B2B and B2C. Why Snapchat Can Be Good For Your Business 1. You Can Use Snapchat To Go Behind The Scenes In the middle-of-funnel marketing path - when your potential clients have gone beyond brand awareness and gleaning helpful information from your content marketing and are now actively considering your product or service - this is where Snapchat can do some good. Its a great tool for creating a Continue ReadingIts growing popularity among the older users means that Snapchat has evolved beyond being a fad among high schoolers. Plenty of adults, brands, and businesses now use it, so its a viable tool for both B2B and B2C. Why Snapchat Can Be Good For Your Business 1. You Can Use Snapchat To Go Behind The Scenes In the middle-of-funnel marketing path - when your potential clients have gone beyond brand awareness and gleaning helpful information from your content marketing and are now actively considering your product or service - this is where Snapchat can do some good. Its a great tool for creating a behind-the-scenes experience for clients. You can create a Snapchat video or infographic with its fun-to-view features and give people a memorable, tactile immersion into how your product or service is made.2. You Can Use Snapchat To Create Innovative Partnerships With Influencers Find an influencer in your industry whom you trust and respect, and see if he or she would be interested in a takeover and give them the freedom to post whatever content they want on your account for a day. Not only will it catch the attention of your target audience, but itll give your brand a compelling endorsement from a thought leader. Once the takeover is confirmed, make sure you let your target audience know that its going to happen and build anticipation for it.3. You Can Use Snapchat Content To Help Clients Better Understand The Problems They Are Trying To Solve As mentioned in the introduction, Snapchat is not a bottom-of-funnel direct conversion tool. Its middle and top. One way to do top-of-funnel content is to create content that is informative, helpful, and somehow valuable for our customers. In the top-of-funnel stage, as every devoted Hubspot-trained marketer knows, potential clients are not yet looking for solutions, they simply have an awareness of a problem, and theyre trying to find more information about that problem. Provide that information on Snapchat. Use the apps innovative features to create videos or infographics that help clients understand their problem better in a way that prepares them for the next middle-of-funnel stage - the search for solutions and comparison of products and services |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Over 100 million people use Snapchat every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly-curated content from top publishers. Snapchatters watch over 10 billion videos per day, which is more than a 350% increase in the last year alone. In short, Snapchat is about great storytelling — our stories, and yours. Ads on Snapchat come in many shapes and sizes to fit your goals, but they all have one thing in common: at Snapchat, the same team that designs our consumer products creates our advertising products, delivering incredible results Continue ReadingOver 100 million people use Snapchat every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly-curated content from top publishers. Snapchatters watch over 10 billion videos per day, which is more than a 350% increase in the last year alone. In short, Snapchat is about great storytelling — our stories, and yours. Ads on Snapchat come in many shapes and sizes to fit your goals, but they all have one thing in common: at Snapchat, the same team that designs our consumer products creates our advertising products, delivering incredible results for advertisers. Here are five ways you can use Snapchat to surprise and delight your audience and grow awareness for your brand:Provide Access to Live EventsSnapchat is perfect for real-time social media marketing because it can give the audience direct access to live events. You can use it for product launches, trade shows or one-of-a-kind events like the 1,000th customer to shop in your store. Snapchat gets your audience excited because you’re providing a different, more authentic view of what’s going on at the event. The NBA has used Snapchat in a variety of ways including at the Draft, All-Star Game and Finals. At the 2014 All-Star Game, the NBA launched their presence on Snapchat, and fans were able to watch videos from L.A. Clippers star Chris Paul, and up-close snaps of the Slam Dunk Contest.During the 2014 Finals, the NBA posted a backstage video clip of Boston Celtics legend Bill Russell with San Antonio Spurs star Kawhi Leonard. 2) Deliver Private Content You can also use Snapchat to provide special content to your audience that they might not receive on other digital platforms. Think of something unique to surprise your community of followers. Fashion brands like Rebecca Minkoff and Michael Kors have used Snapchat to debut their collections to followers before they hit the runway. At a Valentino show for Fashion Week in Paris, actors Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson took it a step further and reprised their Zoolander roles as Derek Zoolander and Hansel for a runway walk-off. They even had a “Blue Steel” geofilter at the fashion show.The use of Snapchat at Fashion Week made consumers feel included in an exclusive world, and by doing so, they felt like they were part of the event. 3) Offer Contests, Perks or Promotions Everyone loves social media giveaways and promotions, so think of ways you can keep your followers coming back for more. For example, you could offer promo codes or discounts to the fans who watch your entire Snapchat story, or ask them to take a snap while holding your product. GrubHub succeeds in Snapchat community engagement with a variety of promotions, exclusive deals and contests. In fact, they were the first brand to execute a Snapchat scavenger hunt. Each day during the five-day campaign, they asked their followers to post a daily snap, whether it was a food selfie or a food doodle.This innovative campaign showcased GrubHub’s brand personality and created two-way communication between consumers and the brand. The company was able to capture user-generated content while increasing loyalty, which is a recipe for Snapchat success. 4) Take People Behind the Curtain With Snapchat, you can provide behind-the-scenes content to your community, which helps create and engage a strong following. Show off your company and make sure to have fun with it. Capture birthday parties, Friday afternoons or company outings. The sky’s the limit on showing how your brand differentiates itself with company culture. Fashion brand and startup Everlane excels at this, pulling back the curtain to educate customers while producing enticing content. They use Snapchat stories to highlight tours of offices, happy hours and manufacturing warehouses.Everlane brings the consumer into the overall process, from ideation to creation to execution, all through Snapchat. In doing so, their customers feel like they’re part of the process. 5) Partner With Influencers Just like with Instagram and other social channels, social media influencers on Snapchat can help spread brand awareness and reach. By partnering with influencers, you can spread awareness to a demographic that’s hard to reach through traditional media. Keep in mind, too, that influencers who are skilled with the Snapchat platform can create spectacular video content that can further enhance your brand voice and personality. Sour Patch Kids partnered with social media star Logan Paul for a “Real Life Sour Patch Kid” Snapchat campaign.Paul, who has 500,000 Twitter followers, directed his social media followers to the Sour Patch Kids Snapchat account so they could see his sweet and sour pranks. Conclusion: Snapchat’s authentic platform can make an impact with your followers and strengthen your brand’s point of view with real-time marketing.","ver 100 million people use Snapchat every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly-curated content from top publishers. Snapchatters watch over 10 billion videos per day, which is more than a 350% increase in the last year alone. In short, Snapchat is about great storytelling — our stories, and yours. Ads on Snapchat come in many shapes and sizes to fit your goals, but they all have one thing in common: at Snapchat, the same team that designs our consumer products creates our advertising products, delivering incredible results Continue ReadingOver 100 million people use Snapchat every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly-curated content from top publishers. Snapchatters watch over 10 billion videos per day, which is more than a 350% increase in the last year alone. In short, Snapchat is about great storytelling — our stories, and yours. Ads on Snapchat come in many shapes and sizes to fit your goals, but they all have one thing in common: at Snapchat, the same team that designs our consumer products creates our advertising products, delivering incredible results for advertisers. Here are five ways you can use Snapchat to surprise and delight your audience and grow awareness for your brand:Provide Access to Live EventsSnapchat is perfect for real-time social media marketing because it can give the audience direct access to live events. You can use it for product launches, trade shows or one-of-a-kind events like the 1,000th customer to shop in your store. Snapchat gets your audience excited because you’re providing a different, more authentic view of what’s going on at the event. The NBA has used Snapchat in a variety of ways including at the Draft, All-Star Game and Finals. At the 2014 All-Star Game, the NBA launched their presence on Snapchat, and fans were able to watch videos from L.A. Clippers star Chris Paul, and up-close snaps of the Slam Dunk Contest.During the 2014 Finals, the NBA posted a backstage video clip of Boston Celtics legend Bill Russell with San Antonio Spurs star Kawhi Leonard. 2) Deliver Private Content You can also use Snapchat to provide special content to your audience that they might not receive on other digital platforms. Think of something unique to surprise your community of followers. Fashion brands like Rebecca Minkoff and Michael Kors have used Snapchat to debut their collections to followers before they hit the runway. At a Valentino show for Fashion Week in Paris, actors Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson took it a step further and reprised their Zoolander roles as Derek Zoolander and Hansel for a runway walk-off. They even had a “Blue Steel” geofilter at the fashion show.The use of Snapchat at Fashion Week made consumers feel included in an exclusive world, and by doing so, they felt like they were part of the event. 3) Offer Contests, Perks or Promotions Everyone loves social media giveaways and promotions, so think of ways you can keep your followers coming back for more. For example, you could offer promo codes or discounts to the fans who watch your entire Snapchat story, or ask them to take a snap while holding your product. GrubHub succeeds in Snapchat community engagement with a variety of promotions, exclusive deals and contests. In fact, they were the first brand to execute a Snapchat scavenger hunt. Each day during the five-day campaign, they asked their followers to post a daily snap, whether it was a food selfie or a food doodle.This innovative campaign showcased GrubHub’s brand personality and created two-way communication between consumers and the brand. The company was able to capture user-generated content while increasing loyalty, which is a recipe for Snapchat success. 4) Take People Behind the Curtain With Snapchat, you can provide behind-the-scenes content to your community, which helps create and engage a strong following. Show off your company and make sure to have fun with it. Capture birthday parties, Friday afternoons or company outings. The sky’s the limit on showing how your brand differentiates itself with company culture. Fashion brand and startup Everlane excels at this, pulling back the curtain to educate customers while producing enticing content. They use Snapchat stories to highlight tours of offices, happy hours and manufacturing warehouses.Everlane brings the consumer into the overall process, from ideation to creation to execution, all through Snapchat. In doing so, their customers feel like they’re part of the process. 5) Partner With Influencers Just like with Instagram and other social channels, social media influencers on Snapchat can help spread brand awareness and reach. By partnering with influencers, you can spread awareness to a demographic that’s hard to reach through traditional media. Keep in mind, too, that influencers who are skilled with the Snapchat platform can create spectacular video content that can further enhance your brand voice and personality. Sour Patch Kids partnered with social media star Logan Paul for a “Real Life Sour Patch Kid” Snapchat campaign.Paul, who has 500,000 Twitter followers, directed his social media followers to the Sour Patch Kids Snapchat account so they could see his sweet and sour pranks. Conclusion: Snapchat’s authentic platform can make an impact with your followers and strengthen your brand’s point of view with real-time marketing. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","IT ONE THE TOOL TO USE MOSTLY IT GOOD FOR ANY ENTERTAINMENT OR MAKER BUSINESS !","IT ONE THE TOOL TO USE MOSTLY IT GOOD FOR ANY ENTERTAINMENT OR MAKER BUSINESS ! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","snapchat"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Snapchat is a multimedia messaging app created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown, and it was first released in 2011.Snapchat is a free messaging and social networking app for mobile devices. You can send text messages, images, and gifs to your loved ones using Snapchat, which is available for iOS and Android.The majority of these messages are transient, which is what makes Snapchat special.A photo or video youve shared, for instance, will vanish after its been viewed and cannot be accessed again.Snapchat is a well-known messaging app that enables users to send and receive snapsContinue ReadingSnapchat is a multimedia messaging app created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown, and it was first released in 2011.Snapchat is a free messaging and social networking app for mobile devices. You can send text messages, images, and gifs to your loved ones using Snapchat, which is available for iOS and Android.The majority of these messages are transient, which is what makes Snapchat special.A photo or video youve shared, for instance, will vanish after its been viewed and cannot be accessed again.Snapchat is a well-known messaging app that enables users to send and receive snaps, which are intended to vanish after being viewed. Its primary use is to take photos or videos, edit them with lenses, filters, or other effects, and then share them with others.How to use: Your name, email address, and birthdate are all you need to register. Users on Snapchat go by a handle, and Snapchat users tend to favor funny names.You can upload your contacts or perform a search for people you know to add as friends. Alternatively, you can add someone automatically by photographing their Snapcode, a particular QR code that is specific to each user.After that, things start to become a little murky. On Snapchat, messages typically begin with photos rather than text. You tap the large camera circle to start a conversation before taking a picture.You can embellish your images with filters and a variety of photo-editing tools.Once your snap has been customized, you can send it to anyone on your friends list or add it to your story, a diary of the day that your friends can view for a full 24 hours. Additionally, Snapchat provides group messaging and collaborative group stories.Lets look at some important Snapchat terminology first, though:Snap: A Snap is a photo or video that you send through the app to one or more of your friends, and it has been available to all users since day one.Stories: Snaps that you want to share with all of your Snapchat friends are called Stories. The app keeps stories for 24 hours before deleting them.Snapstreak: A Snapstreak (or Streak) tracks how many consecutive days you and a friend share Snaps.Filter: A Snapchat filter is a fun way to spice up your Snaps by adding an overlay or other unique effects.Lenses: Lenses are where augmented reality is used. You can add 3D characters, objects, and special effects to your photos and videos using Snapchat Lenses.Memories: Memories are Snaps and Stories that you can save for viewing later, rather than allowing them to disappear.Discover: Discover is a Snapchat screen where brands share Stories with the app’s large audience.My AI on Snapchat: My AI is an experimental chatbot powered by AI that has been designed specifically for Snapchat. Among other things, it can recommend locations on Snap Map and Lenses.Thanks.","napchat is a multimedia messaging app created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown, and it was first released in 2011.Snapchat is a free messaging and social networking app for mobile devices. You can send text messages, images, and gifs to your loved ones using Snapchat, which is available for iOS and Android.The majority of these messages are transient, which is what makes Snapchat special.A photo or video youve shared, for instance, will vanish after its been viewed and cannot be accessed again.Snapchat is a well-known messaging app that enables users to send and receive snapsContinue ReadingSnapchat is a multimedia messaging app created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown, and it was first released in 2011.Snapchat is a free messaging and social networking app for mobile devices. You can send text messages, images, and gifs to your loved ones using Snapchat, which is available for iOS and Android.The majority of these messages are transient, which is what makes Snapchat special.A photo or video youve shared, for instance, will vanish after its been viewed and cannot be accessed again.Snapchat is a well-known messaging app that enables users to send and receive snaps, which are intended to vanish after being viewed. Its primary use is to take photos or videos, edit them with lenses, filters, or other effects, and then share them with others.How to use: Your name, email address, and birthdate are all you need to register. Users on Snapchat go by a handle, and Snapchat users tend to favor funny names.You can upload your contacts or perform a search for people you know to add as friends. Alternatively, you can add someone automatically by photographing their Snapcode, a particular QR code that is specific to each user.After that, things start to become a little murky. On Snapchat, messages typically begin with photos rather than text. You tap the large camera circle to start a conversation before taking a picture.You can embellish your images with filters and a variety of photo-editing tools.Once your snap has been customized, you can send it to anyone on your friends list or add it to your story, a diary of the day that your friends can view for a full 24 hours. Additionally, Snapchat provides group messaging and collaborative group stories.Lets look at some important Snapchat terminology first, though:Snap: A Snap is a photo or video that you send through the app to one or more of your friends, and it has been available to all users since day one.Stories: Snaps that you want to share with all of your Snapchat friends are called Stories. The app keeps stories for 24 hours before deleting them.Snapstreak: A Snapstreak (or Streak) tracks how many consecutive days you and a friend share Snaps.Filter: A Snapchat filter is a fun way to spice up your Snaps by adding an overlay or other unique effects.Lenses: Lenses are where augmented reality is used. You can add 3D characters, objects, and special effects to your photos and videos using Snapchat Lenses.Memories: Memories are Snaps and Stories that you can save for viewing later, rather than allowing them to disappear.Discover: Discover is a Snapchat screen where brands share Stories with the app’s large audience.My AI on Snapchat: My AI is an experimental chatbot powered by AI that has been designed specifically for Snapchat. Among other things, it can recommend locations on Snap Map and Lenses.Thanks. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Snapchat is a video messaging application created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown when they were students at Stanford University. Using the application, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients. Its freaking awesome.  Add me at v8matt and message me if you have any other questions. ","Snapchat is a video messaging application created by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown when they were students at Stanford University. Using the application, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients. Its freaking awesome.  Add me at v8matt and message me if you have any other questions.  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Snapchat functions similarly to instant messaging software in that it allows you to add contacts and send them messages in the form of images or videos, either individually or in groups. The key distinction is that you may choose how long the receiver has to read the message before it is deleted.That is, you email your photo to anyone you want, alter it if you want (you may add a little note or draw on it), and send it to them with a time limit. The user is then alerted that he has a message, which he can see by clicking on it for the period indicated by the sender (if he stops pressing, he stContinue ReadingSnapchat functions similarly to instant messaging software in that it allows you to add contacts and send them messages in the form of images or videos, either individually or in groups. The key distinction is that you may choose how long the receiver has to read the message before it is deleted.That is, you email your photo to anyone you want, alter it if you want (you may add a little note or draw on it), and send it to them with a time limit. The user is then alerted that he has a message, which he can see by clicking on it for the period indicated by the sender (if he stops pressing, he stops seeing it). The user will have a harder time capturing a picture or snapshot of the screenshot in this manner. What do you intend to use it for? Snapchat is arguably the quickest program for shooting a photo with your phone and sharing it, thus its benefits are that it allows you to share quickly, ephemerally, and imperfectly because it is transitory, so there is no such concern with the perfection that exists in other tools like Instagram. Brands are also using Snapchat for a variety of objectives.","napchat functions similarly to instant messaging software in that it allows you to add contacts and send them messages in the form of images or videos, either individually or in groups. The key distinction is that you may choose how long the receiver has to read the message before it is deleted.That is, you email your photo to anyone you want, alter it if you want (you may add a little note or draw on it), and send it to them with a time limit. The user is then alerted that he has a message, which he can see by clicking on it for the period indicated by the sender (if he stops pressing, he stContinue ReadingSnapchat functions similarly to instant messaging software in that it allows you to add contacts and send them messages in the form of images or videos, either individually or in groups. The key distinction is that you may choose how long the receiver has to read the message before it is deleted.That is, you email your photo to anyone you want, alter it if you want (you may add a little note or draw on it), and send it to them with a time limit. The user is then alerted that he has a message, which he can see by clicking on it for the period indicated by the sender (if he stops pressing, he stops seeing it). The user will have a harder time capturing a picture or snapshot of the screenshot in this manner. What do you intend to use it for? Snapchat is arguably the quickest program for shooting a photo with your phone and sharing it, thus its benefits are that it allows you to share quickly, ephemerally, and imperfectly because it is transitory, so there is no such concern with the perfection that exists in other tools like Instagram. Brands are also using Snapchat for a variety of objectives. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('use')|","snapchat"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Young people (me included) use Snapchat for a few important reasons:Very easy: Friction of taking a snap and sending it to your core friend group is very low, nothing else really comes close to this (except maybe YikYak). Also looking through all your snapchats is not very time consuming.Little judgment: With snaps, you dont have to take the time to make sure that its a great photo or polished in any sense since you know people will only look at it for a few seconds, and all of these people are relatively close friends. This contributes to the low friction of sending a snap, both cognitivelContinue ReadingYoung people (me included) use Snapchat for a few important reasons:Very easy: Friction of taking a snap and sending it to your core friend group is very low, nothing else really comes close to this (except maybe YikYak). Also looking through all your snapchats is not very time consuming.Little judgment: With snaps, you dont have to take the time to make sure that its a great photo or polished in any sense since you know people will only look at it for a few seconds, and all of these people are relatively close friends. This contributes to the low friction of sending a snap, both cognitively and technologically.Share (and show off) moments: When something good, funny, embarrassing, or ridiculous happens to someone and they to tell all their friends about it, Snapchat is usually the go-to because you can also easily share a picture to your friends.Connectedness: You feel more connected to your friends because you get photo updates of their lives throughout the day.Some common use patterns I notice are:Send a snap of something cool thats happening to you to all your friends, they respond with OMG jealous or Cool! snaps.Have conversations with visual aids (basically just replaces texting people)Send a snap of something pretty ridiculous, get a few LOL snaps back.Post photo timeline of your day to your story, everybody else watches these stories.People often compare Snapchat to Instagram, but the two have pretty distinct use cases. Instagram is more for more polished photos and use. Instagram is for choosing the best photos from your day or week and publishing them to your friends. Teenagers are generally very thoughtful about their Instagram posts and mull over the filter/caption for hours on end (seriously). People use it generally to see what your broader group of friends is up to, who theyre hanging out it with, etc.","oung people (me included) use Snapchat for a few important reasons:Very easy: Friction of taking a snap and sending it to your core friend group is very low, nothing else really comes close to this (except maybe YikYak). Also looking through all your snapchats is not very time consuming.Little judgment: With snaps, you dont have to take the time to make sure that its a great photo or polished in any sense since you know people will only look at it for a few seconds, and all of these people are relatively close friends. This contributes to the low friction of sending a snap, both cognitivelContinue ReadingYoung people (me included) use Snapchat for a few important reasons:Very easy: Friction of taking a snap and sending it to your core friend group is very low, nothing else really comes close to this (except maybe YikYak). Also looking through all your snapchats is not very time consuming.Little judgment: With snaps, you dont have to take the time to make sure that its a great photo or polished in any sense since you know people will only look at it for a few seconds, and all of these people are relatively close friends. This contributes to the low friction of sending a snap, both cognitively and technologically.Share (and show off) moments: When something good, funny, embarrassing, or ridiculous happens to someone and they to tell all their friends about it, Snapchat is usually the go-to because you can also easily share a picture to your friends.Connectedness: You feel more connected to your friends because you get photo updates of their lives throughout the day.Some common use patterns I notice are:Send a snap of something cool thats happening to you to all your friends, they respond with OMG jealous or Cool! snaps.Have conversations with visual aids (basically just replaces texting people)Send a snap of something pretty ridiculous, get a few LOL snaps back.Post photo timeline of your day to your story, everybody else watches these stories.People often compare Snapchat to Instagram, but the two have pretty distinct use cases. Instagram is more for more polished photos and use. Instagram is for choosing the best photos from your day or week and publishing them to your friends. Teenagers are generally very thoughtful about their Instagram posts and mull over the filter/caption for hours on end (seriously). People use it generally to see what your broader group of friends is up to, who theyre hanging out it with, etc. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('french')|","toast"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Ok, youre in for a real treat. Im about to show you how to make the best French toast youve ever had. Ready? First things first, start with the right bread. Get a nice fresh whole challah loaf. You can get challah in the bakery section of most grocery stores. You want to cut it in nice thick slices, about half an inch thick, like this:Now for the egg wash. In a nice deep flat-bottomed container, mix eggs (one egg per piece of toast), milk, about 2 teaspoons of sugar, and a teaspoon of vanilla. You want this to be wet — youre not making scrambled eggs. So use quite a bit of milk, like this:I uContinue ReadingOk, youre in for a real treat. Im about to show you how to make the best French toast youve ever had. Ready? First things first, start with the right bread. Get a nice fresh whole challah loaf. You can get challah in the bakery section of most grocery stores. You want to cut it in nice thick slices, about half an inch thick, like this:Now for the egg wash. In a nice deep flat-bottomed container, mix eggs (one egg per piece of toast), milk, about 2 teaspoons of sugar, and a teaspoon of vanilla. You want this to be wet — youre not making scrambled eggs. So use quite a bit of milk, like this:I use about 1/4 cup of milk for 6 eggs (approximately — I eyeball it). Fork the mixture up until its blended, and bathe the challah in the mixture, getting the slices nice and soaked.Heat your griddle, but not too hot. These arent pancakes; you want the griddle at about 325°F L. Spray it with nonstick spray, and place the slices on the griddle. Rearrange them after about a minute so they all cook evenly. When they are a nice golden brown (its OK to peek at the bottoms), flip them, and put a pat of butter on each so that the butter melts while the bottom cooks.Once the bottom is done, put them on a plate, and sprinkle with powdered sugar.Pro tip: Most people serve French toast with maple syrup, but I serve it with honey. Give it a try — it tastes much better!","Ok, youre in for a real treat. Im about to show you how to make the best French toast youve ever had. Ready? First things first, start with the right bread. Get a nice fresh whole challah loaf. You can get challah in the bakery section of most grocery stores. You want to cut it in nice thick slices, about half an inch thick, like this:Now for the egg wash. In a nice deep flat-bottomed container, mix eggs (one egg per piece of toast), milk, about 2 teaspoons of sugar, and a teaspoon of vanilla. You want this to be wet — youre not making scrambled eggs. So use quite a bit of milk, like this:I uContinue ReadingOk, youre in for a real treat. Im about to show you how to make the best French toast youve ever had. Ready? First things first, start with the right bread. Get a nice fresh whole challah loaf. You can get challah in the bakery section of most grocery stores. You want to cut it in nice thick slices, about half an inch thick, like this:Now for the egg wash. In a nice deep flat-bottomed container, mix eggs (one egg per piece of toast), milk, about 2 teaspoons of sugar, and a teaspoon of vanilla. You want this to be wet — youre not making scrambled eggs. So use quite a bit of milk, like this:I use about 1/4 cup of milk for 6 eggs (approximately — I eyeball it). Fork the mixture up until its blended, and bathe the challah in the mixture, getting the slices nice and soaked.Heat your griddle, but not too hot. These arent pancakes; you want the griddle at about 325°F L. Spray it with nonstick spray, and place the slices on the griddle. Rearrange them after about a minute so they all cook evenly. When they are a nice golden brown (its OK to peek at the bottoms), flip them, and put a pat of butter on each so that the butter melts while the bottom cooks.Once the bottom is done, put them on a plate, and sprinkle with powdered sugar.Pro tip: Most people serve French toast with maple syrup, but I serve it with honey. Give it a try — it tastes much better! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","So I am a bit of a freak about making french toast.  It takes me at least two and half days and more if I make the bread. First step is selecting the bread.  While some traditionalist go with a dense challah, because I make a thick custard (see below), I prefer a bread with a large crumb structure, like a rustic country white (one with a sour tang works particularly well). The next step is slicing tContinue ReadingSo I am a bit of a freak about making french toast.  It takes me at least two and half days and more if I make the bread. First step is selecting the bread.  While some traditionalist go with a dense challah, because I make a thick custard (see below), I prefer a bread with a large crumb structure, like a rustic country white (one with a sour tang works particularly well). The next step is slicing the bread.  It needs to be cut thicker than a quarter inch but thinner then three quarters inch, so that the the custard can penetrate the bread, but still be cooked through before the outside is burned. I then dry the bread by placing it on a rack for a day or so. Then, the night before I am going to serve the french toast, I make the custard.  To make the custard I start with 4 eggs, I then whisk in a shot and half of bourbon, a dash of vanilla, cinnamon, real maple syrup and/or brown sugar, and a heavy pinch of salt.  Then I whisk in half and half (ok I am a heavy man and whisk in cream).  I stop when the custard drips off the whisk at a similar rate as molasses. I put the dried bread in the custard and let it sit over night. A gallon freezer bag works well for me, a shallow dish would work as well if you turn the bread once in the night....","o I am a bit of a freak about making french toast.  It takes me at least two and half days and more if I make the bread. First step is selecting the bread.  While some traditionalist go with a dense challah, because I make a thick custard (see below), I prefer a bread with a large crumb structure, like a rustic country white (one with a sour tang works particularly well). The next step is slicing tContinue ReadingSo I am a bit of a freak about making french toast.  It takes me at least two and half days and more if I make the bread. First step is selecting the bread.  While some traditionalist go with a dense challah, because I make a thick custard (see below), I prefer a bread with a large crumb structure, like a rustic country white (one with a sour tang works particularly well). The next step is slicing the bread.  It needs to be cut thicker than a quarter inch but thinner then three quarters inch, so that the the custard can penetrate the bread, but still be cooked through before the outside is burned. I then dry the bread by placing it on a rack for a day or so. Then, the night before I am going to serve the french toast, I make the custard.  To make the custard I start with 4 eggs, I then whisk in a shot and half of bourbon, a dash of vanilla, cinnamon, real maple syrup and/or brown sugar, and a heavy pinch of salt.  Then I whisk in half and half (ok I am a heavy man and whisk in cream).  I stop when the custard drips off the whisk at a similar rate as molasses. I put the dried bread in the custard and let it sit over night. A gallon freezer bag works well for me, a shallow dish would work as well if you turn the bread once in the night.... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('french')|","toast"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Pain Perdu. Lost bread. Usually made from dry bread from the day before.","ain Perdu. Lost bread. Usually made from dry bread from the day before. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Most of the time, French Toast means Pain perdu (or Lost Bread) usually from dry bread.  However, sometimes you can find French Toast in some bistros or cafés which means French baguette. They usu...Continue ReadingMost of the time, French Toast means Pain perdu (or Lost Bread) usually from dry bread.  However, sometimes you can find French Toast in some bistros or cafés which means French baguette. They usu...","ost of the time, French Toast means Pain perdu (or Lost Bread) usually from dry bread.  However, sometimes you can find French Toast in some bistros or cafés which means French baguette. They usu...Continue ReadingMost of the time, French Toast means Pain perdu (or Lost Bread) usually from dry bread.  However, sometimes you can find French Toast in some bistros or cafés which means French baguette. They usu... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","love"}, nil, {-0.25,0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"No one is perfect. We’re all amazingly annoying, truth be told. When we’re close to people, we see all their faults. We tend to see a lot of their virtues as well, but traits like professional accomplishments and intellectual acumen tend to be a lot less significant in intimate relationships. We pull those out when we need to do something in the world, not when we’re relaxing at home, unwinding afterContinue ReadingNo one is perfect. We’re all amazingly annoying, truth be told. When we’re close to people, we see all their faults. We tend to see a lot of their virtues as well, but traits like professional accomplishments and intellectual acumen tend to be a lot less significant in intimate relationships. We pull those out when we need to do something in the world, not when we’re relaxing at home, unwinding after a hard day. A lot of people expect a lot from their romantic partners. They expect to be entertained, assisted, supported, or titillated. Expectations become burdens, burdens that are not borne become disappointments. Burdens and disappointments are not things we want while relaxing. That’s the world, not the comfort of home. Acceptance is the first trait that makes love last. Acceptance of who your partner is, what they do, what they offer, and what they need from you. This requires genuine knowledge of who your partner is, and a good understanding of your own needs. Ideally, each partner should meet most of their own needs, and only seek out their partner for tasks that partner fulfills willingly and happily. Expecting more than your partner is happy to offer will lead to resentment and disappointment. Assenting to more than you want to do for your partner will lead to the same. Sometimes, compromise will be necessary. Things must be done, whether they are pleasant or not. Either party being unwilling or unable to sacrifice certain goals, dreams, or habits for the other will cause the relationship to fail. When two people are together, both of their opinions and desires matter. The best compromises make both people happy, but all relationships require valuing companionship and your time with your partner more than you value other objects, and occasionally giving up those objects. It’s not always going to be perfect. But if you choose well, the sacrifices will be worth the person you gain in exchange. Sometimes it won’t feel worth it. You will wonder why you ever liked this person, and why being with them is preferable to the ease of solitude. When (not if) this happens, rekindling is necessary. Rekindling is when you, as a couple, continue to do what made you fall in love with each other. In the best of all possible worlds, rekindling would be a daily activity, but sometimes life interferes, and you start from a place of coldness. Whether the fire of romance has gone out or not, rekindling allows you to bring back passion and affection for the other person. If dates helped, you go out. If long discussions were necessary, you make time for those. If you bonded...","o one is perfect. We’re all amazingly annoying, truth be told. When we’re close to people, we see all their faults. We tend to see a lot of their virtues as well, but traits like professional accomplishments and intellectual acumen tend to be a lot less significant in intimate relationships. We pull those out when we need to do something in the world, not when we’re relaxing at home, unwinding afterContinue ReadingNo one is perfect. We’re all amazingly annoying, truth be told. When we’re close to people, we see all their faults. We tend to see a lot of their virtues as well, but traits like professional accomplishments and intellectual acumen tend to be a lot less significant in intimate relationships. We pull those out when we need to do something in the world, not when we’re relaxing at home, unwinding after a hard day. A lot of people expect a lot from their romantic partners. They expect to be entertained, assisted, supported, or titillated. Expectations become burdens, burdens that are not borne become disappointments. Burdens and disappointments are not things we want while relaxing. That’s the world, not the comfort of home. Acceptance is the first trait that makes love last. Acceptance of who your partner is, what they do, what they offer, and what they need from you. This requires genuine knowledge of who your partner is, and a good understanding of your own needs. Ideally, each partner should meet most of their own needs, and only seek out their partner for tasks that partner fulfills willingly and happily. Expecting more than your partner is happy to offer will lead to resentment and disappointment. Assenting to more than you want to do for your partner will lead to the same. Sometimes, compromise will be necessary. Things must be done, whether they are pleasant or not. Either party being unwilling or unable to sacrifice certain goals, dreams, or habits for the other will cause the relationship to fail. When two people are together, both of their opinions and desires matter. The best compromises make both people happy, but all relationships require valuing companionship and your time with your partner more than you value other objects, and occasionally giving up those objects. It’s not always going to be perfect. But if you choose well, the sacrifices will be worth the person you gain in exchange. Sometimes it won’t feel worth it. You will wonder why you ever liked this person, and why being with them is preferable to the ease of solitude. When (not if) this happens, rekindling is necessary. Rekindling is when you, as a couple, continue to do what made you fall in love with each other. In the best of all possible worlds, rekindling would be a daily activity, but sometimes life interferes, and you start from a place of coldness. Whether the fire of romance has gone out or not, rekindling allows you to bring back passion and affection for the other person. If dates helped, you go out. If long discussions were necessary, you make time for those. If you bonded... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Transparency, honesty, care and commitment will always make a good home, True love doesn’t cheat, lie and hurt. To make love a long lasting and eternal both couples need to understand each other and know how to cope during hard and tough times, because life itself is full of high and low.","ransparency, honesty, care and commitment will always make a good home, True love doesn’t cheat, lie and hurt. To make love a long lasting and eternal both couples need to understand each other and know how to cope during hard and tough times, because life itself is full of high and low. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","love"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Love is ofcourse and very difficult feeling/expression to explain in mere word. For me love is about those moments, which fill warmth in the heart, moment of pure selflesness, moment of magic.  One such example: There are 4 members in the family, and only 3 apples. And then mom says: I dont like apples.Love is that innocent lie.","ove is ofcourse and very difficult feeling/expression to explain in mere word. For me love is about those moments, which fill warmth in the heart, moment of pure selflesness, moment of magic.  One such example: There are 4 members in the family, and only 3 apples. And then mom says: I dont like apples.Love is that innocent lie. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('we')|","love"}, nil, {0.25,0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"WELL. YOU STARE INTO THEM, YOU SEE THEIR SOUL, YOU FALL IN LOVE. Thank you. …Okay seriously this time. Love is never a feeling, it’s a choice. Love is a term that we “associate” with these feelings. Feelings of infatuation, caring, admiring, understanding, erotica, philia, and agape. There are stages in falling in love. First you are infatuated with them. You like their appearance, they make your heart beat faster. You admire them and everything they do. The person seems so amazing and incredible, you like them so much. Then once you’ve past that feeling of infatuation, that may also bring feelinContinue ReadingWELL. YOU STARE INTO THEM, YOU SEE THEIR SOUL, YOU FALL IN LOVE. Thank you. …Okay seriously this time. Love is never a feeling, it’s a choice. Love is a term that we “associate” with these feelings. Feelings of infatuation, caring, admiring, understanding, erotica, philia, and agape. There are stages in falling in love. First you are infatuated with them. You like their appearance, they make your heart beat faster. You admire them and everything they do. The person seems so amazing and incredible, you like them so much. Then once you’ve past that feeling of infatuation, that may also bring feelings of erotica, it’s now a sort of different kind of love. The caring, understanding kind. The one that’s more of a friendship, where we care for each other and understand them, you start to see their flaws and decide whether you’ll look past them or leave for someone else. This is the stage where you find out whether or not the love you have for this person is real, or simply just an admiration. This is when we decide to love them despite what they lack, or what traits we dislike about them. Love is a choice, and you begin to choose to love this person. We give them time and effort and our hearts, soul, sacrificial lambs, and offerings to the dark lor- err yeah.. Then comes philia and agape. Friendship and selflessness. Here you start having a long lasting relationship. It’s not about “he’s/she’s so hot” anymore. nor is it, “he’s/she’s so nice.” It’s more about loving the person for who they are and helping each other connect more. Every relationship is also a friendship. Lovers shouldn’t shy away from treating each other like friends as well. You become selfless and give more to your partner not out of wanting to be validated or hoping they wood accept your feelings. You give just for the sake of it. You sacrifice things for this person’s sake. Those are some reasons behind falling in love. You find a connection with someone, and it grows deeper, you become close. And in marriage you become united, wherein you decide to support and stay with each other, for poorer or for richer, in sickness or in health. Falling in love is a commitment. If you don’t want to commit, then you’re not in love. You don’t fall out of love. You fall out of the feelings love brings. You can continue loving, even when that person is no longer there. Hence, till death do us part. -Cheers","WELL. YOU STARE INTO THEM, YOU SEE THEIR SOUL, YOU FALL IN LOVE. Thank you. …Okay seriously this time. Love is never a feeling, it’s a choice. Love is a term that we “associate” with these feelings. Feelings of infatuation, caring, admiring, understanding, erotica, philia, and agape. There are stages in falling in love. First you are infatuated with them. You like their appearance, they make your heart beat faster. You admire them and everything they do. The person seems so amazing and incredible, you like them so much. Then once you’ve past that feeling of infatuation, that may also bring feelinContinue ReadingWELL. YOU STARE INTO THEM, YOU SEE THEIR SOUL, YOU FALL IN LOVE. Thank you. …Okay seriously this time. Love is never a feeling, it’s a choice. Love is a term that we “associate” with these feelings. Feelings of infatuation, caring, admiring, understanding, erotica, philia, and agape. There are stages in falling in love. First you are infatuated with them. You like their appearance, they make your heart beat faster. You admire them and everything they do. The person seems so amazing and incredible, you like them so much. Then once you’ve past that feeling of infatuation, that may also bring feelings of erotica, it’s now a sort of different kind of love. The caring, understanding kind. The one that’s more of a friendship, where we care for each other and understand them, you start to see their flaws and decide whether you’ll look past them or leave for someone else. This is the stage where you find out whether or not the love you have for this person is real, or simply just an admiration. This is when we decide to love them despite what they lack, or what traits we dislike about them. Love is a choice, and you begin to choose to love this person. We give them time and effort and our hearts, soul, sacrificial lambs, and offerings to the dark lor- err yeah.. Then comes philia and agape. Friendship and selflessness. Here you start having a long lasting relationship. It’s not about “he’s/she’s so hot” anymore. nor is it, “he’s/she’s so nice.” It’s more about loving the person for who they are and helping each other connect more. Every relationship is also a friendship. Lovers shouldn’t shy away from treating each other like friends as well. You become selfless and give more to your partner not out of wanting to be validated or hoping they wood accept your feelings. You give just for the sake of it. You sacrifice things for this person’s sake. Those are some reasons behind falling in love. You find a connection with someone, and it grows deeper, you become close. And in marriage you become united, wherein you decide to support and stay with each other, for poorer or for richer, in sickness or in health. Falling in love is a commitment. If you don’t want to commit, then you’re not in love. You don’t fall out of love. You fall out of the feelings love brings. You can continue loving, even when that person is no longer there. Hence, till death do us part. -Cheers |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Love is typically a human emotion and a learned trait. I seriously doubt if any other animal ever feel love in the same way as we human feel. It is only human beings who fall in love and also fall out of love innumerable times in their lives. We fall in love for satisfaction of our needs. In 1943, Maslow stated that people are motivated to achieve certain needs. When one need is fulfilled a person seeks to fulfill the next one, and so on. The hierarchies of needs are depicted a pyramid as shown in Figure below.The deficiency of needs motivate people to achieve the object of their desire. Falling Continue ReadingLove is typically a human emotion and a learned trait. I seriously doubt if any other animal ever feel love in the same way as we human feel. It is only human beings who fall in love and also fall out of love innumerable times in their lives. We fall in love for satisfaction of our needs. In 1943, Maslow stated that people are motivated to achieve certain needs. When one need is fulfilled a person seeks to fulfill the next one, and so on. The hierarchies of needs are depicted a pyramid as shown in Figure below.The deficiency of needs motivate people to achieve the object of their desire. Falling in Love We all need food, water and air to survive. Fortunately for most of us, all these needs are taken care of quite well. Let us imagine that you are deprived of food for a few hours.You are extremely hungry being not fed for several hours.The food is before your eyes but you are prohibited to eat.You can easily imagine that your desire for food would increase with every passing minute. You will forget about everything and start imagining about only food till your hunger is satisfied. We as human being also have several other types of needs likeFriendshipFamilySexual intimacySelf-esteemHonourCreativityThe physical/sexual needs of people are genetically coded in their biology. However, the rules of the civilized society have made it impossible to satisfy these needs in legal/moral way till you are married. The craving of the body starts when the biological clocks start ticking at the appropriate age. The result is the continuous increase of craving of the satisfaction of these needs till it is satisfied. Love is defined in Merrium Webster dictionary ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/love) asa feeling of strong or constant affection for a personattraction that includes sexual desire : the strong affection felt by people who have a romantic relationshipa person you love in a romantic wayWe fall in love to satisfy our unsatisfied needs.Falling out of Love What happens when your stomach is filled with food? Do you still have the desire for food? This is what happens with most people who fall in love to satisfy their physical needs. They fall out of love faster than they have fallen in love.Ambrose Bierce therefore defined love as “Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.”When love is physical, you lose all feelings for your beloved once your physical needs are satisfied. Once you fall out of love, living with the same person become so difficult that you want to give him/her divorce even against the instructions of your religion. This is what is said in Bible about divorce.“Everyone who divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery, and he who marries a woman divorced from her husband commits adultery.”( Luke 16:18 ESV)Still more than 50% people in the developed western countries give divorce to the person whom they believed loved deeply. Why Love Sustain? Love is still the most important relationship between two human beings, particularly between spouses. However, love is far less romantic than it is projected and often believed by young people. When love is based on practical considerations, it sustains for life. Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi presented a practical view of a tradition family in his book ‘Flow’:“Until a few decades ago, families tended to stay together because parents and children were forced to continue the relationship for extrinsic reasons. If divorces were rare in the past, it wasn’t because husbands and wives loved each other more in the old times, but because husbands needed someone to cook and keep house, wives needed someone to bring home the bacon, and children needed both parents in order to eat, sleep and get a start in the world. The “family values” that the elders spend so much effort inculcating in the young were a reflection of this simple necessity, even when it was cloaked in religious and moral considerations.”Love survives only when the couples continue to satisfy the higher level needs (like friendship, family, respect/honour) of each other.","ove is typically a human emotion and a learned trait. I seriously doubt if any other animal ever feel love in the same way as we human feel. It is only human beings who fall in love and also fall out of love innumerable times in their lives. We fall in love for satisfaction of our needs. In 1943, Maslow stated that people are motivated to achieve certain needs. When one need is fulfilled a person seeks to fulfill the next one, and so on. The hierarchies of needs are depicted a pyramid as shown in Figure below.The deficiency of needs motivate people to achieve the object of their desire. Falling Continue ReadingLove is typically a human emotion and a learned trait. I seriously doubt if any other animal ever feel love in the same way as we human feel. It is only human beings who fall in love and also fall out of love innumerable times in their lives. We fall in love for satisfaction of our needs. In 1943, Maslow stated that people are motivated to achieve certain needs. When one need is fulfilled a person seeks to fulfill the next one, and so on. The hierarchies of needs are depicted a pyramid as shown in Figure below.The deficiency of needs motivate people to achieve the object of their desire. Falling in Love We all need food, water and air to survive. Fortunately for most of us, all these needs are taken care of quite well. Let us imagine that you are deprived of food for a few hours.You are extremely hungry being not fed for several hours.The food is before your eyes but you are prohibited to eat.You can easily imagine that your desire for food would increase with every passing minute. You will forget about everything and start imagining about only food till your hunger is satisfied. We as human being also have several other types of needs likeFriendshipFamilySexual intimacySelf-esteemHonourCreativityThe physical/sexual needs of people are genetically coded in their biology. However, the rules of the civilized society have made it impossible to satisfy these needs in legal/moral way till you are married. The craving of the body starts when the biological clocks start ticking at the appropriate age. The result is the continuous increase of craving of the satisfaction of these needs till it is satisfied. Love is defined in Merrium Webster dictionary ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/love) asa feeling of strong or constant affection for a personattraction that includes sexual desire : the strong affection felt by people who have a romantic relationshipa person you love in a romantic wayWe fall in love to satisfy our unsatisfied needs.Falling out of Love What happens when your stomach is filled with food? Do you still have the desire for food? This is what happens with most people who fall in love to satisfy their physical needs. They fall out of love faster than they have fallen in love.Ambrose Bierce therefore defined love as “Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.”When love is physical, you lose all feelings for your beloved once your physical needs are satisfied. Once you fall out of love, living with the same person become so difficult that you want to give him/her divorce even against the instructions of your religion. This is what is said in Bible about divorce.“Everyone who divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery, and he who marries a woman divorced from her husband commits adultery.”( Luke 16:18 ESV)Still more than 50% people in the developed western countries give divorce to the person whom they believed loved deeply. Why Love Sustain? Love is still the most important relationship between two human beings, particularly between spouses. However, love is far less romantic than it is projected and often believed by young people. When love is based on practical considerations, it sustains for life. Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi presented a practical view of a tradition family in his book ‘Flow’:“Until a few decades ago, families tended to stay together because parents and children were forced to continue the relationship for extrinsic reasons. If divorces were rare in the past, it wasn’t because husbands and wives loved each other more in the old times, but because husbands needed someone to cook and keep house, wives needed someone to bring home the bacon, and children needed both parents in order to eat, sleep and get a start in the world. The “family values” that the elders spend so much effort inculcating in the young were a reflection of this simple necessity, even when it was cloaked in religious and moral considerations.”Love survives only when the couples continue to satisfy the higher level needs (like friendship, family, respect/honour) of each other. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","slime"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are two basic types of slime. What is made from polyvinylalcohol and borax and the other is made from Elmers glue with ease or borax or sodium bicarbonate and contact lens solution. I have these two, The former has preferable characteristics,. It produces a clear gel with very slow flow characteristics. The other method produces an opaque white semi-gel which is less desirable, both in termsContinue ReadingThere are two basic types of slime. What is made from polyvinylalcohol and borax and the other is made from Elmers glue with ease or borax or sodium bicarbonate and contact lens solution. I have these two, The former has preferable characteristics,. It produces a clear gel with very slow flow characteristics. The other method produces an opaque white semi-gel which is less desirable, both in terms of flow characteristics ((it is closer to a solid and doesn’t flow well) and in terms of ease of cleanup. Of these two, I will only describe the method of preparation of the polyvinylalcohol based slime as this is by far the preferred formulation. The first step is to produce a 4% solution of polyvinylalcohol. Do you need to start with 99+% hydrolysed polyvinylalcohol in the 30–60,000 molecular weight range. Add enough of the polyvinylalcohol to a beaker of deionized water (or a microwavable yes with a microwave compatible cover) to prepare a 4% solution of polyvinylalcohol. Polyvinyl alcohol must be heated to near boiling in order to dissolve. It will not dissolve at room temperature no matter how long you stir the mixture. Heat the solution until the solution is just beginning to boil and then reduce the heat so that it is just slightly boiling for 5 to 10 minutes with stirring. After the solution is clear and homogeneous, remove from heat and cover the solution while it cools. Separately, make a 4% solution or borax in deionized water. With stirring it will eventually dissolve, although it will dissolve much faster if you heat it up a bit. The slime is prepared by mixing 5-10 mL of the 4% borax solution (depending upon the desired viscosity) to 50 mL of the 4% polyvinylalcohol solution. I usually let the “scientist“ choose from one of the several food colorings to add to the borax prior to adding the ...","here are two basic types of slime. What is made from polyvinylalcohol and borax and the other is made from Elmers glue with ease or borax or sodium bicarbonate and contact lens solution. I have these two, The former has preferable characteristics,. It produces a clear gel with very slow flow characteristics. The other method produces an opaque white semi-gel which is less desirable, both in termsContinue ReadingThere are two basic types of slime. What is made from polyvinylalcohol and borax and the other is made from Elmers glue with ease or borax or sodium bicarbonate and contact lens solution. I have these two, The former has preferable characteristics,. It produces a clear gel with very slow flow characteristics. The other method produces an opaque white semi-gel which is less desirable, both in terms of flow characteristics ((it is closer to a solid and doesn’t flow well) and in terms of ease of cleanup. Of these two, I will only describe the method of preparation of the polyvinylalcohol based slime as this is by far the preferred formulation. The first step is to produce a 4% solution of polyvinylalcohol. Do you need to start with 99+% hydrolysed polyvinylalcohol in the 30–60,000 molecular weight range. Add enough of the polyvinylalcohol to a beaker of deionized water (or a microwavable yes with a microwave compatible cover) to prepare a 4% solution of polyvinylalcohol. Polyvinyl alcohol must be heated to near boiling in order to dissolve. It will not dissolve at room temperature no matter how long you stir the mixture. Heat the solution until the solution is just beginning to boil and then reduce the heat so that it is just slightly boiling for 5 to 10 minutes with stirring. After the solution is clear and homogeneous, remove from heat and cover the solution while it cools. Separately, make a 4% solution or borax in deionized water. With stirring it will eventually dissolve, although it will dissolve much faster if you heat it up a bit. The slime is prepared by mixing 5-10 mL of the 4% borax solution (depending upon the desired viscosity) to 50 mL of the 4% polyvinylalcohol solution. I usually let the “scientist“ choose from one of the several food colorings to add to the borax prior to adding the ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","How do you make slime you ask? Well first get your ingredientsWhite PVA glue *I prefer Elmer’s but jot, Crayola or any other PVA glue should work*Paint or food coloring *Completely Optional*Your activator, Contact Solution (Renu I prefer) + baking soda, Tide laundry soap, Gain, 1 teaspoon of borax in 1 cup of warm water, or liquid starch. *Please note these are all options for activators*Airtight container to store in after madeSpoonBowlFirst, Pour as much of your glue you would like in your bowl. After you have done that put in any beads, glitter, food coloring or paint into your glue. Now youContinue ReadingHow do you make slime you ask? Well first get your ingredientsWhite PVA glue *I prefer Elmer’s but jot, Crayola or any other PVA glue should work*Paint or food coloring *Completely Optional*Your activator, Contact Solution (Renu I prefer) + baking soda, Tide laundry soap, Gain, 1 teaspoon of borax in 1 cup of warm water, or liquid starch. *Please note these are all options for activators*Airtight container to store in after madeSpoonBowlFirst, Pour as much of your glue you would like in your bowl. After you have done that put in any beads, glitter, food coloring or paint into your glue. Now you can and in your activator add little at a time mix then add more then keep dong this until you see your soon to be slime unstick from the bowl. Now pull your slime back and forth in between your hands store in your container once finished. That is how you make a basic slime. -Quora user","How do you make slime you ask? Well first get your ingredientsWhite PVA glue *I prefer Elmer’s but jot, Crayola or any other PVA glue should work*Paint or food coloring *Completely Optional*Your activator, Contact Solution (Renu I prefer) + baking soda, Tide laundry soap, Gain, 1 teaspoon of borax in 1 cup of warm water, or liquid starch. *Please note these are all options for activators*Airtight container to store in after madeSpoonBowlFirst, Pour as much of your glue you would like in your bowl. After you have done that put in any beads, glitter, food coloring or paint into your glue. Now youContinue ReadingHow do you make slime you ask? Well first get your ingredientsWhite PVA glue *I prefer Elmer’s but jot, Crayola or any other PVA glue should work*Paint or food coloring *Completely Optional*Your activator, Contact Solution (Renu I prefer) + baking soda, Tide laundry soap, Gain, 1 teaspoon of borax in 1 cup of warm water, or liquid starch. *Please note these are all options for activators*Airtight container to store in after madeSpoonBowlFirst, Pour as much of your glue you would like in your bowl. After you have done that put in any beads, glitter, food coloring or paint into your glue. Now you can and in your activator add little at a time mix then add more then keep dong this until you see your soon to be slime unstick from the bowl. Now pull your slime back and forth in between your hands store in your container once finished. That is how you make a basic slime. -Quora user |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('tablespoons')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","cup"}, nil, {0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"How many would you like? Take a look at Gregs weights and measures and choose one for yourself. A tablespoon ranges between 11 ml and 30 ml, and a cup ranges between 65 ml and 284 ml, so a “cup” can be between 2 and 26 tablespoons. But you mention the USA, which has enshrined this nonsense in laws. There a tablespoon is exactly 14.79 ml and a cup is 236.6 ml, 238 ml or 240 ml, depending on whom you ask, so there are (close enough) 16 tablespoons to a cup. Why does the USA stick with this stuff? I wish I knew.","ow many would you like? Take a look at Gregs weights and measures and choose one for yourself. A tablespoon ranges between 11 ml and 30 ml, and a cup ranges between 65 ml and 284 ml, so a “cup” can be between 2 and 26 tablespoons. But you mention the USA, which has enshrined this nonsense in laws. There a tablespoon is exactly 14.79 ml and a cup is 236.6 ml, 238 ml or 240 ml, depending on whom you ask, so there are (close enough) 16 tablespoons to a cup. Why does the USA stick with this stuff? I wish I knew. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","My conspiracy theory: Food companies. All quarts would have to become liters, which is a little more than a US quart. All pounds would have to become a half-kilo, 1.1 pounds. All food deliveries would have to INCREASE in size to go metric, and the price would be expected NOT to increase. If a liter was a little LESS than a quart, or a half-kilo a little LESS than a pound, we would have switched years ago since that would be a source of instant profit while pretending to be civic-minded. The soda companies are the only exception, having made the jump with the Two-liter bottle. Since the soda is so cContinue ReadingMy conspiracy theory: Food companies. All quarts would have to become liters, which is a little more than a US quart. All pounds would have to become a half-kilo, 1.1 pounds. All food deliveries would have to INCREASE in size to go metric, and the price would be expected NOT to increase. If a liter was a little LESS than a quart, or a half-kilo a little LESS than a pound, we would have switched years ago since that would be a source of instant profit while pretending to be civic-minded. The soda companies are the only exception, having made the jump with the Two-liter bottle. Since the soda is so cheap to produce, the costs savings afforded by the blow-molded 2 L bottle versus the classic 64 oz glass bottles dwarfed the costs incurred from addition of extra product. Alcohol also made the jump, since 750 mL is less than the traditional 1/5 of a gallon (757mL) unit of alcohol sale. Its all economics. Further entertaining reading at Metrication in the United States.","y conspiracy theory: Food companies. All quarts would have to become liters, which is a little more than a US quart. All pounds would have to become a half-kilo, 1.1 pounds. All food deliveries would have to INCREASE in size to go metric, and the price would be expected NOT to increase. If a liter was a little LESS than a quart, or a half-kilo a little LESS than a pound, we would have switched years ago since that would be a source of instant profit while pretending to be civic-minded. The soda companies are the only exception, having made the jump with the Two-liter bottle. Since the soda is so cContinue ReadingMy conspiracy theory: Food companies. All quarts would have to become liters, which is a little more than a US quart. All pounds would have to become a half-kilo, 1.1 pounds. All food deliveries would have to INCREASE in size to go metric, and the price would be expected NOT to increase. If a liter was a little LESS than a quart, or a half-kilo a little LESS than a pound, we would have switched years ago since that would be a source of instant profit while pretending to be civic-minded. The soda companies are the only exception, having made the jump with the Two-liter bottle. Since the soda is so cheap to produce, the costs savings afforded by the blow-molded 2 L bottle versus the classic 64 oz glass bottles dwarfed the costs incurred from addition of extra product. Alcohol also made the jump, since 750 mL is less than the traditional 1/5 of a gallon (757mL) unit of alcohol sale. Its all economics. Further entertaining reading at Metrication in the United States. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I have seen Americans who claim US customary is simpler and easier to understand than metric. I found the following on-line that demonstrates how well many Americans understand their own system of measurements. Those pesky fractions!Continue ReadingI have seen Americans who claim US customary is simpler and easier to understand than metric. I found the following on-line that demonstrates how well many Americans understand their own system of measurements. Those pesky fractions!","I have seen Americans who claim US customary is simpler and easier to understand than metric. I found the following on-line that demonstrates how well many Americans understand their own system of measurements. Those pesky fractions!Continue ReadingI have seen Americans who claim US customary is simpler and easier to understand than metric. I found the following on-line that demonstrates how well many Americans understand their own system of measurements. Those pesky fractions! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It actually has, in 1975.It was signed by one Gerald Ford Since 1975, the metric system was the “preffered” system of weights and measures in the USA. There was a genuine but short lived effort to change all US weights and measures to metric, but there was too much inertia and the customary units survived, in a half-hearted, mutilated way. The people wanted to keep using the customary system and the government allowed them to do so, even though the new customary units were actually metric units in disguise. See, one of the things the Act did was to redefine all customary units in terms of metricContinue ReadingIt actually has, in 1975.It was signed by one Gerald Ford Since 1975, the metric system was the “preffered” system of weights and measures in the USA. There was a genuine but short lived effort to change all US weights and measures to metric, but there was too much inertia and the customary units survived, in a half-hearted, mutilated way. The people wanted to keep using the customary system and the government allowed them to do so, even though the new customary units were actually metric units in disguise. See, one of the things the Act did was to redefine all customary units in terms of metric units. Previously one foot was defined as the length of the foot of a man of such and such height. After the metric conversion act, the foot is 12 inches and one inch is defined as 0.0254 metres exactly. In other words, one foot is the length travelled by light in a vacuum in the time the unpertubed cesium-133 atom experiences 2,801,919,767.3355 hyperfine transitions. Or if you perfer, one foot is 1200/3937 metres by definition. This is the same as the old foot, but it’s clearly defined in terms of metric units. American customary units are a subdivision of the metric units in a fashion Americans find more comfortable. There’s a whole lot more to metric units than mere base 10 and convenience, this is just the byproduct of scientists and engineers not wanting to deal with unnecessary complexity. This is useful, but marginal next to what the SI units truly are: independent definitions of quantities, based on fundamental laws of the universe. This is what matters with metric units and in that, American units are entirely, 100% metric. They just then go and make them scientifically and technically inconvenient in order to make them more convenient for everyday use. Or so they think anyway.","t actually has, in 1975.It was signed by one Gerald Ford Since 1975, the metric system was the “preffered” system of weights and measures in the USA. There was a genuine but short lived effort to change all US weights and measures to metric, but there was too much inertia and the customary units survived, in a half-hearted, mutilated way. The people wanted to keep using the customary system and the government allowed them to do so, even though the new customary units were actually metric units in disguise. See, one of the things the Act did was to redefine all customary units in terms of metricContinue ReadingIt actually has, in 1975.It was signed by one Gerald Ford Since 1975, the metric system was the “preffered” system of weights and measures in the USA. There was a genuine but short lived effort to change all US weights and measures to metric, but there was too much inertia and the customary units survived, in a half-hearted, mutilated way. The people wanted to keep using the customary system and the government allowed them to do so, even though the new customary units were actually metric units in disguise. See, one of the things the Act did was to redefine all customary units in terms of metric units. Previously one foot was defined as the length of the foot of a man of such and such height. After the metric conversion act, the foot is 12 inches and one inch is defined as 0.0254 metres exactly. In other words, one foot is the length travelled by light in a vacuum in the time the unpertubed cesium-133 atom experiences 2,801,919,767.3355 hyperfine transitions. Or if you perfer, one foot is 1200/3937 metres by definition. This is the same as the old foot, but it’s clearly defined in terms of metric units. American customary units are a subdivision of the metric units in a fashion Americans find more comfortable. There’s a whole lot more to metric units than mere base 10 and convenience, this is just the byproduct of scientists and engineers not wanting to deal with unnecessary complexity. This is useful, but marginal next to what the SI units truly are: independent definitions of quantities, based on fundamental laws of the universe. This is what matters with metric units and in that, American units are entirely, 100% metric. They just then go and make them scientifically and technically inconvenient in order to make them more convenient for everyday use. Or so they think anyway. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('tie')|","bowtie"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Method 1 of 3:Tying a Basic Bow The technique for tying a basic bow is the same no matter what type of ribbon you use and for what purpose you are using it. You just need a ribbon with a left end and a right end stemming from the same knotted center. If youre tying a bow on the top of a package, loop the ribbon under the package, bring the ends together over the package and knot the two ends together so the ends are equal in length. You now have a right side and a left side to work with. You can tie a bow from a piece of ribbon that isnt attached to a package. Tie a knot in the center of the riContinue ReadingMethod 1 of 3:Tying a Basic Bow The technique for tying a basic bow is the same no matter what type of ribbon you use and for what purpose you are using it. You just need a ribbon with a left end and a right end stemming from the same knotted center. If youre tying a bow on the top of a package, loop the ribbon under the package, bring the ends together over the package and knot the two ends together so the ends are equal in length. You now have a right side and a left side to work with. You can tie a bow from a piece of ribbon that isnt attached to a package. Tie a knot in the center of the ribbon so the left and right sides are equal in length. 2. Make a loop with the left side of the ribbon. Pinch the loop between your thumb and forefinger to hold it in place. If youre tying a ribbon, make sure that it isnt twisted; the loop should be smooth. 3. Make a second loop. This time bring the right side of the ribbon around and under the left loop. Pull it through until you have a second loop of the exact same size. Use the same technique you use when you tie your shoes. 4. Tighten the bow. Pull on the loops to tighten the knot at their center. Make sure the two loops are the same size and that the ends are even in length. The bow is complete. Method 2 of 3:Tying a Looped Bow1. Start with a long piece of ribbon.For this bow, cut a piece of ribbon about 12 inches (30.5 cm) long. Leave it straight and unknotted. 2. Make a loop near the left end of the bow. Start about three inches from the end of the bow and make a loop. Hold it in place with your thumb and forefinger. 3. Loop the right end over the loop to create a second loop. The ribbon should now look like a backwards S with a tail at either end. Hold the loops with one hand so they dont come undone. 4. Continue looping the ribbon. Loop the remaining length of ribbon accordion style, so that you have a pile of loops with two ends of equal length sticking out from either side. 5. Cinch the center. Use a piece of florist wire or a thin string to tie the loops together at the center, dividing them in two. You now have a pile of loops on the right side of the cinch and a pile of loops on the left side. 6. Fluff the loops. Separate the loops and fluff them up so that the cinched center is no longer visible. Use a scissors to clip the ends into inverted v shapes for a professional touch. Method 3 of 3:Tying a Floral Bow1. Wrap a piece of ribbon around your hand. Hold the end against your palm with your thumb, and continue wrapping the ribbon until the entire piece has been wrapped. Each loop around your hand should be neatly placed on top of the previous loop. 2. Slip the ribbon loops off of your hand and fold them in half. Be careful not to let the loops come undone when you slip them off. 3. Cut the cinch. Hold the folded loop in one hand so that the center folded part is facing up. With the other hand, use a scissors to cut the corner off of either side of the cinch, the folded middle. Make sure you cut through all of the ribbon layers. Use a careful, firm snip of the scissors to ensure the cut is even and none of the layers slip. Dont cut the two corners too close to the center of the ribbon. 4. Use a second ribbon to tie the cinch. Fit the second ribbon between the notches you cut in the middle of the loops and tie a knot there. You can also use florist wire or a small string. 5. Fan out the loops. Separate the loops one by one from the inside to the outside. Pull the loops gently from the center and twist them toward you. Arrange the loops so that they form a petal-like circular pattern. The floral bow is now complete. 6. Finished.","ethod 1 of 3:Tying a Basic Bow The technique for tying a basic bow is the same no matter what type of ribbon you use and for what purpose you are using it. You just need a ribbon with a left end and a right end stemming from the same knotted center. If youre tying a bow on the top of a package, loop the ribbon under the package, bring the ends together over the package and knot the two ends together so the ends are equal in length. You now have a right side and a left side to work with. You can tie a bow from a piece of ribbon that isnt attached to a package. Tie a knot in the center of the riContinue ReadingMethod 1 of 3:Tying a Basic Bow The technique for tying a basic bow is the same no matter what type of ribbon you use and for what purpose you are using it. You just need a ribbon with a left end and a right end stemming from the same knotted center. If youre tying a bow on the top of a package, loop the ribbon under the package, bring the ends together over the package and knot the two ends together so the ends are equal in length. You now have a right side and a left side to work with. You can tie a bow from a piece of ribbon that isnt attached to a package. Tie a knot in the center of the ribbon so the left and right sides are equal in length. 2. Make a loop with the left side of the ribbon. Pinch the loop between your thumb and forefinger to hold it in place. If youre tying a ribbon, make sure that it isnt twisted; the loop should be smooth. 3. Make a second loop. This time bring the right side of the ribbon around and under the left loop. Pull it through until you have a second loop of the exact same size. Use the same technique you use when you tie your shoes. 4. Tighten the bow. Pull on the loops to tighten the knot at their center. Make sure the two loops are the same size and that the ends are even in length. The bow is complete. Method 2 of 3:Tying a Looped Bow1. Start with a long piece of ribbon.For this bow, cut a piece of ribbon about 12 inches (30.5 cm) long. Leave it straight and unknotted. 2. Make a loop near the left end of the bow. Start about three inches from the end of the bow and make a loop. Hold it in place with your thumb and forefinger. 3. Loop the right end over the loop to create a second loop. The ribbon should now look like a backwards S with a tail at either end. Hold the loops with one hand so they dont come undone. 4. Continue looping the ribbon. Loop the remaining length of ribbon accordion style, so that you have a pile of loops with two ends of equal length sticking out from either side. 5. Cinch the center. Use a piece of florist wire or a thin string to tie the loops together at the center, dividing them in two. You now have a pile of loops on the right side of the cinch and a pile of loops on the left side. 6. Fluff the loops. Separate the loops and fluff them up so that the cinched center is no longer visible. Use a scissors to clip the ends into inverted v shapes for a professional touch. Method 3 of 3:Tying a Floral Bow1. Wrap a piece of ribbon around your hand. Hold the end against your palm with your thumb, and continue wrapping the ribbon until the entire piece has been wrapped. Each loop around your hand should be neatly placed on top of the previous loop. 2. Slip the ribbon loops off of your hand and fold them in half. Be careful not to let the loops come undone when you slip them off. 3. Cut the cinch. Hold the folded loop in one hand so that the center folded part is facing up. With the other hand, use a scissors to cut the corner off of either side of the cinch, the folded middle. Make sure you cut through all of the ribbon layers. Use a careful, firm snip of the scissors to ensure the cut is even and none of the layers slip. Dont cut the two corners too close to the center of the ribbon. 4. Use a second ribbon to tie the cinch. Fit the second ribbon between the notches you cut in the middle of the loops and tie a knot there. You can also use florist wire or a small string. 5. Fan out the loops. Separate the loops one by one from the inside to the outside. Pull the loops gently from the center and twist them toward you. Arrange the loops so that they form a petal-like circular pattern. The floral bow is now complete. 6. Finished. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Part 1 of 3:Measuring the Bow Tie1. Lift up your collar.Though a bow tie can be tied with the collar either up or down, you’ll have a much easier time seeing what you’re doing with the collar up, so lift it and ensure the top button of your shirt is buttoned. 2. Measure your neck. Stand up straight and use a tailor’s measuring tape to measure your neck starting from the base of the back of your neck and ending in the front where your collar sits at just around your Adam’s apple. Place an index finger between the tape as well to give yourself some breathing room. 3. Size the bow tie. Bow ties are oContinue ReadingPart 1 of 3:Measuring the Bow Tie1. Lift up your collar.Though a bow tie can be tied with the collar either up or down, you’ll have a much easier time seeing what you’re doing with the collar up, so lift it and ensure the top button of your shirt is buttoned. 2. Measure your neck. Stand up straight and use a tailor’s measuring tape to measure your neck starting from the base of the back of your neck and ending in the front where your collar sits at just around your Adam’s apple. Place an index finger between the tape as well to give yourself some breathing room. 3. Size the bow tie. Bow ties are one size fits all, but they have ways to adjust the length either with a slider or button holes. Most bow ties will also have pre-marked neck measurements informing you how to size them based on your neck measurement. Move the slider or buttons based on your neck measurement. 4. Place the bow tie around your neck. Like tying a regular necktie, one end of the bow tie needs to drape over your chest longer than the other. Position the bow tie so that one end hangs roughly 1.5 inches (3.8 cm) lower than the other end. Part 2 of 3:Tying the Bow Tie1. Cross the longer end over the shorter end. You should cross the tie near your neck so that the loop around your neck is just large enough to work with but not loose; you don’t want your bow dangling in front of your chest. 2. Loop the long end under where the two ends cross. With one hand hold the point where the two ends cross over the front of your collar. Take the dangling portion of the longer end and pass it behind and then up over the point of intersection. At this point, you can pull both ends of the bow tie to make it as tight around your neck as you will be comfortable with. Once you have the bow tie at the proper tightness, toss the longer end back over your respective shoulder. You won’t need it for the next step. 3. Fold the dangling end to make a loop. Lift up the shorter end—which is still dangling—and fold it over on itself at the widest part of the bowed shape. Lift the whole portion and turn it 90 degrees, so it faces horizontal. This will form a loop that points to the same side as the shoulder over which the longer end is resting. Hold this fold together at the skinniest part of the bow tie, which should be just in front of your Adam’s apple. 4. Drop the longer end over the skinny center of the bow. Take the longer end off your shoulder and drape it over the skinniest part of the bow section you created in the last step. 5. Pinch the bow together in front of the long end. Grab the left and right sides of the horizontally folded end and pinch them together in front of the dangling end. The top of the dangling end will now be held between them. 6. Feed the middle of the dangling end back through the knot. Part 3 of 3:Finishing the Bow Tie1. Pull at the loops. Pulling at the flat ends of the bow tie will simply untie it like pulling on the dangling strings of shoelaces, so make sure you tighten the bow tie by pulling gently at the looped portions. 2. Straighten the bow tie.As soon as you finish, the bow tie will likely be crooked, but you can easily twist the loop at the front and back bows to get it into the proper position. 3. Lower your collar. Your bow tie is now perfectly tied and positioned, so you can put down your collar and finish getting ready. 4. Check the bow tie periodically.Since you can’t double-knot a bow tie like you can your shoes, they loosen over the course of wear and can even come untied. Check your bow tie periodically to ensure it’s still tight and perfectly positioned.","art 1 of 3:Measuring the Bow Tie1. Lift up your collar.Though a bow tie can be tied with the collar either up or down, you’ll have a much easier time seeing what you’re doing with the collar up, so lift it and ensure the top button of your shirt is buttoned. 2. Measure your neck. Stand up straight and use a tailor’s measuring tape to measure your neck starting from the base of the back of your neck and ending in the front where your collar sits at just around your Adam’s apple. Place an index finger between the tape as well to give yourself some breathing room. 3. Size the bow tie. Bow ties are oContinue ReadingPart 1 of 3:Measuring the Bow Tie1. Lift up your collar.Though a bow tie can be tied with the collar either up or down, you’ll have a much easier time seeing what you’re doing with the collar up, so lift it and ensure the top button of your shirt is buttoned. 2. Measure your neck. Stand up straight and use a tailor’s measuring tape to measure your neck starting from the base of the back of your neck and ending in the front where your collar sits at just around your Adam’s apple. Place an index finger between the tape as well to give yourself some breathing room. 3. Size the bow tie. Bow ties are one size fits all, but they have ways to adjust the length either with a slider or button holes. Most bow ties will also have pre-marked neck measurements informing you how to size them based on your neck measurement. Move the slider or buttons based on your neck measurement. 4. Place the bow tie around your neck. Like tying a regular necktie, one end of the bow tie needs to drape over your chest longer than the other. Position the bow tie so that one end hangs roughly 1.5 inches (3.8 cm) lower than the other end. Part 2 of 3:Tying the Bow Tie1. Cross the longer end over the shorter end. You should cross the tie near your neck so that the loop around your neck is just large enough to work with but not loose; you don’t want your bow dangling in front of your chest. 2. Loop the long end under where the two ends cross. With one hand hold the point where the two ends cross over the front of your collar. Take the dangling portion of the longer end and pass it behind and then up over the point of intersection. At this point, you can pull both ends of the bow tie to make it as tight around your neck as you will be comfortable with. Once you have the bow tie at the proper tightness, toss the longer end back over your respective shoulder. You won’t need it for the next step. 3. Fold the dangling end to make a loop. Lift up the shorter end—which is still dangling—and fold it over on itself at the widest part of the bowed shape. Lift the whole portion and turn it 90 degrees, so it faces horizontal. This will form a loop that points to the same side as the shoulder over which the longer end is resting. Hold this fold together at the skinniest part of the bow tie, which should be just in front of your Adam’s apple. 4. Drop the longer end over the skinny center of the bow. Take the longer end off your shoulder and drape it over the skinniest part of the bow section you created in the last step. 5. Pinch the bow together in front of the long end. Grab the left and right sides of the horizontally folded end and pinch them together in front of the dangling end. The top of the dangling end will now be held between them. 6. Feed the middle of the dangling end back through the knot. Part 3 of 3:Finishing the Bow Tie1. Pull at the loops. Pulling at the flat ends of the bow tie will simply untie it like pulling on the dangling strings of shoelaces, so make sure you tighten the bow tie by pulling gently at the looped portions. 2. Straighten the bow tie.As soon as you finish, the bow tie will likely be crooked, but you can easily twist the loop at the front and back bows to get it into the proper position. 3. Lower your collar. Your bow tie is now perfectly tied and positioned, so you can put down your collar and finish getting ready. 4. Check the bow tie periodically.Since you can’t double-knot a bow tie like you can your shoes, they loosen over the course of wear and can even come untied. Check your bow tie periodically to ensure it’s still tight and perfectly positioned. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The best way to learn to do it is to follow a Video, I have tried using the drawn figures but they were never useful for me, they looked so complicated. I would advice you to follow this link:Now the best tips that I can give you if you already know how to tie the Bow Tie is: when beginning always tie in front of a mirror that way you will know it’s looking how you want it and more importantly never try to make it perfect, if you wanted it to be perfect then it’s better to just buy a pre-tied Bow Tie.","he best way to learn to do it is to follow a Video, I have tried using the drawn figures but they were never useful for me, they looked so complicated. I would advice you to follow this link:Now the best tips that I can give you if you already know how to tie the Bow Tie is: when beginning always tie in front of a mirror that way you will know it’s looking how you want it and more importantly never try to make it perfect, if you wanted it to be perfect then it’s better to just buy a pre-tied Bow Tie. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('days')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","year"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"It doesnt. It takes 365.256 days to complete one orbit. And it takes that long...because thats how big the orbit is.","t doesnt. It takes 365.256 days to complete one orbit. And it takes that long...because thats how big the orbit is. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","How many Days are in a Year? Days in a year calculation Gregorian calendar year One calendar common year has 365 days: 1 common year = 365 days One calendar leap year has 366 days: 1 leap year = 366 days Leap year occur-es every 4 years, except for years that are dividable by 100 and not dividable by 400. So the mean length of the Gregorian calendar year is: 1 mean year = (365+1/4-1/100+1/400) days = 365.2425 days Julian year Julian year is used for astronomical calculations (light year definition). One Julian year has 365.25 days: 1 year = 365.25 days Sidereal year One sidereal year is the time it takes theContinue ReadingHow many Days are in a Year? Days in a year calculation Gregorian calendar year One calendar common year has 365 days: 1 common year = 365 days One calendar leap year has 366 days: 1 leap year = 366 days Leap year occur-es every 4 years, except for years that are dividable by 100 and not dividable by 400. So the mean length of the Gregorian calendar year is: 1 mean year = (365+1/4-1/100+1/400) days = 365.2425 days Julian year Julian year is used for astronomical calculations (light year definition). One Julian year has 365.25 days: 1 year = 365.25 days Sidereal year One sidereal year is the time it takes the Earth to do a single rotation around the sun. One sidereal year has 365.25636 days: 1 year = 365.25636 days Tropical year One tropical year is the time it takes the Earth to complete a single cycle of the 4 seasons. One tropical year has 365.242189 days: 1 year = 365.242189 days","How many Days are in a Year? Days in a year calculation Gregorian calendar year One calendar common year has 365 days: 1 common year = 365 days One calendar leap year has 366 days: 1 leap year = 366 days Leap year occur-es every 4 years, except for years that are dividable by 100 and not dividable by 400. So the mean length of the Gregorian calendar year is: 1 mean year = (365+1/4-1/100+1/400) days = 365.2425 days Julian year Julian year is used for astronomical calculations (light year definition). One Julian year has 365.25 days: 1 year = 365.25 days Sidereal year One sidereal year is the time it takes theContinue ReadingHow many Days are in a Year? Days in a year calculation Gregorian calendar year One calendar common year has 365 days: 1 common year = 365 days One calendar leap year has 366 days: 1 leap year = 366 days Leap year occur-es every 4 years, except for years that are dividable by 100 and not dividable by 400. So the mean length of the Gregorian calendar year is: 1 mean year = (365+1/4-1/100+1/400) days = 365.2425 days Julian year Julian year is used for astronomical calculations (light year definition). One Julian year has 365.25 days: 1 year = 365.25 days Sidereal year One sidereal year is the time it takes the Earth to do a single rotation around the sun. One sidereal year has 365.25636 days: 1 year = 365.25636 days Tropical year One tropical year is the time it takes the Earth to complete a single cycle of the 4 seasons. One tropical year has 365.242189 days: 1 year = 365.242189 days |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","365 days Answer: The average (mean) length of a year is 365.25 days. In a non-leap year, there are 365 days, in a leap year there are 366 days","365 days Answer: The average (mean) length of a year is 365.25 days. In a non-leap year, there are 365 days, in a leap year there are 366 days |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('hmu')|","mean"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are many solutions for What does HMU mean on Instagram This is exactly most of the people are searching every more than the internet. Most of them have not found any pleasurable answer yet. But let me say you this is a utterly easy suffering and can be solved within a few steps. I found the answer for this difficulty and I am here to allowance taking into consideration you. wish this helps you. [Click Here]: https://shortly.cyou/gslcrsc [100% Working &amp; Updated] HMU stand What does HMU mean on Instagrams for hit me up on Instagram. It is a slang term used to ask someone to contact or messaContinue ReadingThere are many solutions for What does HMU mean on Instagram This is exactly most of the people are searching every more than the internet. Most of them have not found any pleasurable answer yet. But let me say you this is a utterly easy suffering and can be solved within a few steps. I found the answer for this difficulty and I am here to allowance taking into consideration you. wish this helps you. [Click Here]: https://shortly.cyou/gslcrsc [100% Working &amp; Updated] HMU stand What does HMU mean on Instagrams for hit me up on Instagram. It is a slang term used to ask someone to contact or message you. This phrase is commonly used in social media platforms like Instagram to initiate a conversation or to show interest in someone. When someone uses the phrase HMU on Instagram, it is an invitation for the recipient to reach out to them through direct message or any other means of communication. It can be used to ask for a date, to catch up with an old friend, or to simply chat with someone. The term is often used by younger generations and What does HMU mean on Instagram has become a popular way to communicate in the digital age. You can find every the assistance that you dependence here. Just visit eh website and get full assistance with reference to this.","here are many solutions for What does HMU mean on Instagram This is exactly most of the people are searching every more than the internet. Most of them have not found any pleasurable answer yet. But let me say you this is a utterly easy suffering and can be solved within a few steps. I found the answer for this difficulty and I am here to allowance taking into consideration you. wish this helps you. [Click Here]: https://shortly.cyou/gslcrsc [100% Working &amp; Updated] HMU stand What does HMU mean on Instagrams for hit me up on Instagram. It is a slang term used to ask someone to contact or messaContinue ReadingThere are many solutions for What does HMU mean on Instagram This is exactly most of the people are searching every more than the internet. Most of them have not found any pleasurable answer yet. But let me say you this is a utterly easy suffering and can be solved within a few steps. I found the answer for this difficulty and I am here to allowance taking into consideration you. wish this helps you. [Click Here]: https://shortly.cyou/gslcrsc [100% Working &amp; Updated] HMU stand What does HMU mean on Instagrams for hit me up on Instagram. It is a slang term used to ask someone to contact or message you. This phrase is commonly used in social media platforms like Instagram to initiate a conversation or to show interest in someone. When someone uses the phrase HMU on Instagram, it is an invitation for the recipient to reach out to them through direct message or any other means of communication. It can be used to ask for a date, to catch up with an old friend, or to simply chat with someone. The term is often used by younger generations and What does HMU mean on Instagram has become a popular way to communicate in the digital age. You can find every the assistance that you dependence here. Just visit eh website and get full assistance with reference to this. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","HMU= hit me up This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them questions, invite them out to an event, or contact them about anything. HMU Examples:Hanging out with you today was a ton of fun! If you want to do it again, HMU.My company is hiring! HMU if you or someone you know specializes in online marketing, especially through email.When you’re in town the next time, make sure to HMU.Source: What does HMU mean?  on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook ... - MyEnglishTeacher.eu Blog","HMU= hit me up This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them questions, invite them out to an event, or contact them about anything. HMU Examples:Hanging out with you today was a ton of fun! If you want to do it again, HMU.My company is hiring! HMU if you or someone you know specializes in online marketing, especially through email.When you’re in town the next time, make sure to HMU.Source: What does HMU mean?  on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook ... - MyEnglishTeacher.eu Blog |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","What does HMU mean? on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook … Have you ever met someone, heard them say HMU, and then been confused why they didn’t contact you to hang out again? If this has happened to you, it might be because you misunderstood the term HMU. This abbreviation is very popular among young people, especially over text and on social media, but it is also used in everyday language by a diverse group of people. What does HMU mean? This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them Continue ReadingWhat does HMU mean? on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook … Have you ever met someone, heard them say HMU, and then been confused why they didn’t contact you to hang out again? If this has happened to you, it might be because you misunderstood the term HMU. This abbreviation is very popular among young people, especially over text and on social media, but it is also used in everyday language by a diverse group of people. What does HMU mean? This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them questions, invite them out to an event, or contact them about anything. It is a slang usage, so don’t talk to your boss or teacher this way. When you are talking to your equals, including at conferences and networking events, you can tell people you want to meet again or collaborate with to hit you up! Hitting someone up is an open invitation, but it is often very casual. If you end up not contacting someone or following up with them, that is expected. Make sure that you understand the context of the invitation, because some people will tell you to hit them up without really meaning it. If you contact these people, you likely will not receive a response.Content attribution: What does HMU mean?  on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook ... - MyEnglishTeacher.eu Blog","What does HMU mean? on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook … Have you ever met someone, heard them say HMU, and then been confused why they didn’t contact you to hang out again? If this has happened to you, it might be because you misunderstood the term HMU. This abbreviation is very popular among young people, especially over text and on social media, but it is also used in everyday language by a diverse group of people. What does HMU mean? This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them Continue ReadingWhat does HMU mean? on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook … Have you ever met someone, heard them say HMU, and then been confused why they didn’t contact you to hang out again? If this has happened to you, it might be because you misunderstood the term HMU. This abbreviation is very popular among young people, especially over text and on social media, but it is also used in everyday language by a diverse group of people. What does HMU mean? This means that the person wants you to hit up their phone or inbox, or to contact them for whatever purpose it is. This is an open invitation for you to ask them questions, invite them out to an event, or contact them about anything. It is a slang usage, so don’t talk to your boss or teacher this way. When you are talking to your equals, including at conferences and networking events, you can tell people you want to meet again or collaborate with to hit you up! Hitting someone up is an open invitation, but it is often very casual. If you end up not contacting someone or following up with them, that is expected. Make sure that you understand the context of the invitation, because some people will tell you to hit them up without really meaning it. If you contact these people, you likely will not receive a response.Content attribution: What does HMU mean?  on Instagram, in Text, on Facebook ... - MyEnglishTeacher.eu Blog |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('countries')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","world"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. ExaContinue ReadingThere are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. Examples: Greenland is under Denmark, Bermuda is under UK, Puerto Rico is under USA etc. There are some disputed territories which can’t be surely called to be a part of a specific country. Major examples include:Gaza Strip and the West Bank in IsraelParacel Islands occupied by China and claimed by Taiwan &amp; VietnamSpartly Islands claimed by China, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia and VietnamWestern Sahara in MoroccoAntarctica maintained by 7 countries - Argentina, Australia, Chile, France, New Zealand, Norway and UK","There are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. ExaContinue ReadingThere are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. Examples: Greenland is under Denmark, Bermuda is under UK, Puerto Rico is under USA etc. There are some disputed territories which can’t be surely called to be a part of a specific country. Major examples include:Gaza Strip and the West Bank in IsraelParacel Islands occupied by China and claimed by Taiwan &amp; VietnamSpartly Islands claimed by China, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia and VietnamWestern Sahara in MoroccoAntarctica maintained by 7 countries - Argentina, Australia, Chile, France, New Zealand, Norway and UK |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by SContinue ReadingThis depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by Serbia)Western Sahara, or the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic (claimed by Morocco)Taiwan, or the Republic of China (claimed by the People’s Republic of China)South Ossetia (claimed by Georgia)Abkhazia (also claimed by Georgia)Northern Cyprus (claimed by Cyprus)At 204, we add three more, those recognized only by other limited-recognition countries— Artsakh, or Nagorno-Karabakh (claimed by Azerbaijan); Transnistria (claimed by Moldova); and Somaliland (claimed by Somalia).The above is considered the extent of sovereign countries — governments that have exclusive political and physical control over their territories. In addition, there are territories who may have sole political control over an area, but themselves are controlled by a higher power, such as military defense or foreign relations. These include territories, possessions, and other dependencies. Countries with such areas include:Australia (Christmas Island, Cocos / Keeling Islands, Norfolk Island)China (Hong Kong, Macao)Denmark (Faroe Islands, Greenland)Finland (Aland)France (French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, New Caledonia, Reunion, St Pierre et Miquelon, etc.)Netherlands (Aruba, Curacao, Sint Maarten)New Zealand (Cook Islands, Niue, Tokelau)Norway (Svalbard)United Kingdom (Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, etc.)United States (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, etc)Some territories, like Cook Islands and Niue, even send independent representatives to UN bodies, and vote separately from their home governments. Most of these even have their own immigration/passport control (such as Guam or Hong Kong). Others may have their own currencies (e.g. French Polynesia or Bermuda).Then there are unrecognized countries. Many of these may fit the definition of nations (culturally distinct countries), but lack the definition as states (politically independent governments). Many, if not all, of these unrecognized states have current or historical pushes for independence:Balochistan (part of Pakistan)Biafra (part of Nigeria)Bougainville (part of Papua New Guinea)Cabinda (part of Angola)Cascadia (part of the US)Catalonia (part of Spain)Chechnya (part of Russia)Crimea (part of Ukraine, and for disclaimer sake, Russia)Donetsk [and] Luhansk (part of Ukraine)Darfur (part of Sudan)Kashmir (part of India, Pakistan)Khalistan / Punjab (part of India)Kurdistan (part of Iraq, Iran, Syria, Turkey)Oromia (part of Ethiopia)Pattani (part of Thailand)Quebec (part of Canada)Rojava (part of Syria)Scotland (part of the UK)Srpska (part of Bosnia and Herzegovina)Tibet (part of China)Veneto (part of Italy)Vojvodina (part of Serbia)West Papua (part of Indonesia)Xinjiang / East Turkestan (part of China)… and many more","This depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by SContinue ReadingThis depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by Serbia)Western Sahara, or the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic (claimed by Morocco)Taiwan, or the Republic of China (claimed by the People’s Republic of China)South Ossetia (claimed by Georgia)Abkhazia (also claimed by Georgia)Northern Cyprus (claimed by Cyprus)At 204, we add three more, those recognized only by other limited-recognition countries— Artsakh, or Nagorno-Karabakh (claimed by Azerbaijan); Transnistria (claimed by Moldova); and Somaliland (claimed by Somalia).The above is considered the extent of sovereign countries — governments that have exclusive political and physical control over their territories. In addition, there are territories who may have sole political control over an area, but themselves are controlled by a higher power, such as military defense or foreign relations. These include territories, possessions, and other dependencies. Countries with such areas include:Australia (Christmas Island, Cocos / Keeling Islands, Norfolk Island)China (Hong Kong, Macao)Denmark (Faroe Islands, Greenland)Finland (Aland)France (French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, New Caledonia, Reunion, St Pierre et Miquelon, etc.)Netherlands (Aruba, Curacao, Sint Maarten)New Zealand (Cook Islands, Niue, Tokelau)Norway (Svalbard)United Kingdom (Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, etc.)United States (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, etc)Some territories, like Cook Islands and Niue, even send independent representatives to UN bodies, and vote separately from their home governments. Most of these even have their own immigration/passport control (such as Guam or Hong Kong). Others may have their own currencies (e.g. French Polynesia or Bermuda).Then there are unrecognized countries. Many of these may fit the definition of nations (culturally distinct countries), but lack the definition as states (politically independent governments). Many, if not all, of these unrecognized states have current or historical pushes for independence:Balochistan (part of Pakistan)Biafra (part of Nigeria)Bougainville (part of Papua New Guinea)Cabinda (part of Angola)Cascadia (part of the US)Catalonia (part of Spain)Chechnya (part of Russia)Crimea (part of Ukraine, and for disclaimer sake, Russia)Donetsk [and] Luhansk (part of Ukraine)Darfur (part of Sudan)Kashmir (part of India, Pakistan)Khalistan / Punjab (part of India)Kurdistan (part of Iraq, Iran, Syria, Turkey)Oromia (part of Ethiopia)Pattani (part of Thailand)Quebec (part of Canada)Rojava (part of Syria)Scotland (part of the UK)Srpska (part of Bosnia and Herzegovina)Tibet (part of China)Veneto (part of Italy)Vojvodina (part of Serbia)West Papua (part of Indonesia)Xinjiang / East Turkestan (part of China)… and many more |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","What is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define Continue ReadingWhat is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define a country. Is it a specific region, a government, a certain population size, or a combination of different factors? 2: Sovereignty and Recognition Sovereignty is an important factor in determining whether a political entity qualifies as a country. However, accreditation from other countries and international bodies also plays an important role. We will discuss how some regions strive for recognition while functioning as de facto states. 3: Membership of the United Nations and the country The United Nations is an influential international organization, and its member states are often considered to be a fixed list of countries. Well explore the importance of UN membership and the process for new countries to join.Counting Countries: Challenges and Variations 1: How many countries are there? The exact number of countries is a matter of debate due to variation in recognition and the evolving political landscape. We will explore the various calculations provided by various sources and the reasons behind the disparities. 2: List of 195 countries of the United Nations The United Nations recognizes 195 countries, each of which has its own seat in the General Assembly. Well break down the list and find out how it covers different countries, from huge countries with large populations to tiny island nations. 3: Non-UN recognized countries In addition to the UN list, there are also entities that seek recognition as countries despite not being part of the organization. Well look at some notable examples like Taiwan, Kosovo, and Palestine. 4: Micro-nations and self-proclaimed countries Interestingly, some individuals establish micronations—small, self-declared countries. Although these are not recognized internationally, yet they add a unique twist to the concept of nationhood. Factors Affecting Country Count1: Changing Political Scenario The world is not static, and political changes can affect many countries. We will look for examples of countries merging, dividing or gaining independence. 2: Role of History History plays an important role in the existence of countries. Boundaries were drawn and redrawn, empires formed and fell – these elements contribute to the complex landscape of modern nations. Note: In conclusion, determining the total number of countries in the world is not as straightforward as it may seem at first glance. With factors such as recognition, sovereignty and geopolitical changes, the count may vary. From the 195 member states of the United Nations to organizations seeking recognition, the diversity of the world is truly reflected in the complex map of nations. FAQs: Q1: Is the UNs list of countries fixed? The United Nations list is widely recognized, but it is not the only perspective. Some regions and organizations seek recognition outside the United Nations framework. Q2: Which are the unrecognized countries? There are entities such as Taiwan and Palestine that function as de facto countries but lack widespread international recognition. Q3: What is the role of historical empires in nation building? The rise and fall of empires throughout history affected the borders of many modern countries. Q4: Can one declare his land as a separate country? Although anyone can declare a micronation, gaining international recognition is a different story. Q5: How can political changes affect the condition of the country in the future? Political changes, such as independence movements, can lead to the creation of new countries or mergers between existing countries. Thanks for giving your valuable time. Follow World Sports News to read more interesting articles like this. Image Credit: Lara Jameson, Monstera, Mikhail Nilov","What is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define Continue ReadingWhat is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define a country. Is it a specific region, a government, a certain population size, or a combination of different factors? 2: Sovereignty and Recognition Sovereignty is an important factor in determining whether a political entity qualifies as a country. However, accreditation from other countries and international bodies also plays an important role. We will discuss how some regions strive for recognition while functioning as de facto states. 3: Membership of the United Nations and the country The United Nations is an influential international organization, and its member states are often considered to be a fixed list of countries. Well explore the importance of UN membership and the process for new countries to join.Counting Countries: Challenges and Variations 1: How many countries are there? The exact number of countries is a matter of debate due to variation in recognition and the evolving political landscape. We will explore the various calculations provided by various sources and the reasons behind the disparities. 2: List of 195 countries of the United Nations The United Nations recognizes 195 countries, each of which has its own seat in the General Assembly. Well break down the list and find out how it covers different countries, from huge countries with large populations to tiny island nations. 3: Non-UN recognized countries In addition to the UN list, there are also entities that seek recognition as countries despite not being part of the organization. Well look at some notable examples like Taiwan, Kosovo, and Palestine. 4: Micro-nations and self-proclaimed countries Interestingly, some individuals establish micronations—small, self-declared countries. Although these are not recognized internationally, yet they add a unique twist to the concept of nationhood. Factors Affecting Country Count1: Changing Political Scenario The world is not static, and political changes can affect many countries. We will look for examples of countries merging, dividing or gaining independence. 2: Role of History History plays an important role in the existence of countries. Boundaries were drawn and redrawn, empires formed and fell – these elements contribute to the complex landscape of modern nations. Note: In conclusion, determining the total number of countries in the world is not as straightforward as it may seem at first glance. With factors such as recognition, sovereignty and geopolitical changes, the count may vary. From the 195 member states of the United Nations to organizations seeking recognition, the diversity of the world is truly reflected in the complex map of nations. FAQs: Q1: Is the UNs list of countries fixed? The United Nations list is widely recognized, but it is not the only perspective. Some regions and organizations seek recognition outside the United Nations framework. Q2: Which are the unrecognized countries? There are entities such as Taiwan and Palestine that function as de facto countries but lack widespread international recognition. Q3: What is the role of historical empires in nation building? The rise and fall of empires throughout history affected the borders of many modern countries. Q4: Can one declare his land as a separate country? Although anyone can declare a micronation, gaining international recognition is a different story. Q5: How can political changes affect the condition of the country in the future? Political changes, such as independence movements, can lead to the creation of new countries or mergers between existing countries. Thanks for giving your valuable time. Follow World Sports News to read more interesting articles like this. Image Credit: Lara Jameson, Monstera, Mikhail Nilov |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('long')|","|pal:NRT('boil')|","eggs"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.Continue ReadingThe minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.","he minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil.Continue ReadingThe minimum amount for an edible product is two minutes. That will firm up the white and leave the yolk runny. Ten minutes is enough to hard boil an eggThere are two ways to time eggs. The easy way is to put the egg in cold water, turn on the heat, start the clock when the water starts boiling, and turn down the heat immediately. The hard way is to boil the water, put in the egg and start the clock. Keep the water at a rolling boil. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('centimeters')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","inch"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"1 inch equals 2.54 centimeters, while one 1 centimeter equals 0.39 inches. You may use a cm to inches converter to convert metric units easily and get more accurate results. Also, some formulas can help you to convert one unit into another. You may see them below: [number in centimeters] X 0.39 = [inches]. So, you need just to multiply centimeters by 0.39 to get inches. To convert inches to centimeters, you need to multiply inches by 2.54. For example, you need to find out [number in inches] X 2.54 = [centimeters] For example, you need to find out:2 inches is how many centimeters: 2 ″ * 2.54 cm = Continue Reading1 inch equals 2.54 centimeters, while one 1 centimeter equals 0.39 inches. You may use a cm to inches converter to convert metric units easily and get more accurate results. Also, some formulas can help you to convert one unit into another. You may see them below: [number in centimeters] X 0.39 = [inches]. So, you need just to multiply centimeters by 0.39 to get inches. To convert inches to centimeters, you need to multiply inches by 2.54. For example, you need to find out [number in inches] X 2.54 = [centimeters] For example, you need to find out:2 inches is how many centimeters: 2 ″ * 2.54 cm = 5.08 cm.You use the same formula for any other value.Interesting facts about metric units:Centimeter (cm) is a SI unit of length to the meter. A meter of distance, light travels in a vacuum for a period of time equal to 1/299 792 458 seconds. An inch is a unit of measure for distance in the American and English traditional systems of measurements. The term comes from the Dutch word Duim - thumb, the English name inch comes from the Latin. Uncia, meaning one-twelfth, in this case 1/12 of a foot) - . It is also used in the systems of measures of several European countries. A modern English inch is exactly 2.54 cm. Part of the world measures dimensions in inches and feet. While others usually prefer to use meters, centimeters, millimeters, but inches are more usual. Inches are the units of measurement in the USA, Canada, Great Britain. While the rest follow them. For example, it is more common than the diagonals of TVs, or screen sizes in smartphones, pipe diameters, shoe sizes (and much more) are indicated in inches. So you have to think about how to convert inches to centimeters, meters, or millimeters. That is one of the main reasons why it is better to use online converters. It helps get more accurate results. Therefore, people recommend using online converters on many forums and different websites instead of calculating everything yourself and applying the formula."," inch equals 2.54 centimeters, while one 1 centimeter equals 0.39 inches. You may use a cm to inches converter to convert metric units easily and get more accurate results. Also, some formulas can help you to convert one unit into another. You may see them below: [number in centimeters] X 0.39 = [inches]. So, you need just to multiply centimeters by 0.39 to get inches. To convert inches to centimeters, you need to multiply inches by 2.54. For example, you need to find out [number in inches] X 2.54 = [centimeters] For example, you need to find out:2 inches is how many centimeters: 2 ″ * 2.54 cm = Continue Reading1 inch equals 2.54 centimeters, while one 1 centimeter equals 0.39 inches. You may use a cm to inches converter to convert metric units easily and get more accurate results. Also, some formulas can help you to convert one unit into another. You may see them below: [number in centimeters] X 0.39 = [inches]. So, you need just to multiply centimeters by 0.39 to get inches. To convert inches to centimeters, you need to multiply inches by 2.54. For example, you need to find out [number in inches] X 2.54 = [centimeters] For example, you need to find out:2 inches is how many centimeters: 2 ″ * 2.54 cm = 5.08 cm.You use the same formula for any other value.Interesting facts about metric units:Centimeter (cm) is a SI unit of length to the meter. A meter of distance, light travels in a vacuum for a period of time equal to 1/299 792 458 seconds. An inch is a unit of measure for distance in the American and English traditional systems of measurements. The term comes from the Dutch word Duim - thumb, the English name inch comes from the Latin. Uncia, meaning one-twelfth, in this case 1/12 of a foot) - . It is also used in the systems of measures of several European countries. A modern English inch is exactly 2.54 cm. Part of the world measures dimensions in inches and feet. While others usually prefer to use meters, centimeters, millimeters, but inches are more usual. Inches are the units of measurement in the USA, Canada, Great Britain. While the rest follow them. For example, it is more common than the diagonals of TVs, or screen sizes in smartphones, pipe diameters, shoe sizes (and much more) are indicated in inches. So you have to think about how to convert inches to centimeters, meters, or millimeters. That is one of the main reasons why it is better to use online converters. It helps get more accurate results. Therefore, people recommend using online converters on many forums and different websites instead of calculating everything yourself and applying the formula. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","1 inch = 2.54cm or, 1 inch = 2.54 CM = 25.4 MMContinue Reading1 inch = 2.54cm or, 1 inch = 2.54 CM = 25.4 MM","1 inch = 2.54cm or, 1 inch = 2.54 CM = 25.4 MMContinue Reading1 inch = 2.54cm or, 1 inch = 2.54 CM = 25.4 MM |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","2.54cm =1″","2.54cm =1″ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 2.54 centimeters in one inch. This is a standard conversion used to convert measurements between the metric system (centimeters) and the imperial system (inches).","here are 2.54 centimeters in one inch. This is a standard conversion used to convert measurements between the metric system (centimeters) and the imperial system (inches). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('sky')|","blue"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The composition of elements in the air are mainly:Nitrogen (&gt;78%)Oxygen (&lt;21%)Argon (&lt;1%)…and traces of carbon dioxide, methane and other gases. These gases are obviously mixed together, so when the white light from the sun hits the atoms and molecules in the air, the colour that is scattered the most is blue. This is because blue has a shorter wavelength than colours like green, yellow and red. This is called Rayleigh scattering - discovered by John William Strutt, a British scientist. AKA the 3rd Baron Rayleigh. He discovered that blue wavelengths are scattered about 16 times more than red wavContinue ReadingThe composition of elements in the air are mainly:Nitrogen (&gt;78%)Oxygen (&lt;21%)Argon (&lt;1%)…and traces of carbon dioxide, methane and other gases. These gases are obviously mixed together, so when the white light from the sun hits the atoms and molecules in the air, the colour that is scattered the most is blue. This is because blue has a shorter wavelength than colours like green, yellow and red. This is called Rayleigh scattering - discovered by John William Strutt, a British scientist. AKA the 3rd Baron Rayleigh. He discovered that blue wavelengths are scattered about 16 times more than red wavelengths in our lower atmosphere. You might ask: “Purple has the shortest wavelength, so why isn’t the sky purple?”. The answer is: it is. The fact is, humans see the middle colours of the visible light spectrum more sharply, and blue is closer to the middle, which is why the sky looks blue to us. For some other animals, the sky would look purple.So, it’s definitely not because there is water above a firmament which sits on top of the Earth as stated in the Bible, and also not because “that’s how it is”. Next time, when your child asks you why the sky is blue, you can tell them. Thanks for reading.","he composition of elements in the air are mainly:Nitrogen (&gt;78%)Oxygen (&lt;21%)Argon (&lt;1%)…and traces of carbon dioxide, methane and other gases. These gases are obviously mixed together, so when the white light from the sun hits the atoms and molecules in the air, the colour that is scattered the most is blue. This is because blue has a shorter wavelength than colours like green, yellow and red. This is called Rayleigh scattering - discovered by John William Strutt, a British scientist. AKA the 3rd Baron Rayleigh. He discovered that blue wavelengths are scattered about 16 times more than red wavContinue ReadingThe composition of elements in the air are mainly:Nitrogen (&gt;78%)Oxygen (&lt;21%)Argon (&lt;1%)…and traces of carbon dioxide, methane and other gases. These gases are obviously mixed together, so when the white light from the sun hits the atoms and molecules in the air, the colour that is scattered the most is blue. This is because blue has a shorter wavelength than colours like green, yellow and red. This is called Rayleigh scattering - discovered by John William Strutt, a British scientist. AKA the 3rd Baron Rayleigh. He discovered that blue wavelengths are scattered about 16 times more than red wavelengths in our lower atmosphere. You might ask: “Purple has the shortest wavelength, so why isn’t the sky purple?”. The answer is: it is. The fact is, humans see the middle colours of the visible light spectrum more sharply, and blue is closer to the middle, which is why the sky looks blue to us. For some other animals, the sky would look purple.So, it’s definitely not because there is water above a firmament which sits on top of the Earth as stated in the Bible, and also not because “that’s how it is”. Next time, when your child asks you why the sky is blue, you can tell them. Thanks for reading. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The dominant scattering process is Rayleigh scattering, which is the classical limit of scattering -- the limit where the wavelength of the light is much longer than the size of the scatterer. The scattering cross section (a way of quantifying what fraction of the incoming beam is scattered) depends on wavelength. For Rayleigh scattering, the dependence goes like [math]1//lambda^4[/math] where [math]/lambda[/math] is the wavelength of the light being scattered. This means that blue light, which has a shorter wave length, has a higher scattering cross section, so blue light is scattered more than red light. During theContinue ReadingThe dominant scattering process is Rayleigh scattering, which is the classical limit of scattering -- the limit where the wavelength of the light is much longer than the size of the scatterer. The scattering cross section (a way of quantifying what fraction of the incoming beam is scattered) depends on wavelength. For Rayleigh scattering, the dependence goes like [math]1//lambda^4[/math] where [math]/lambda[/math] is the wavelength of the light being scattered. This means that blue light, which has a shorter wave length, has a higher scattering cross section, so blue light is scattered more than red light. During the day, the whole air mass overhead is scattering more blue light than red light; more red light just passes through unscathed, while blue light bounces around more. This literally means that looking out at the sky, you are more likely to get blue photons which have scattered in some part of the atmosphere than red ones.","he dominant scattering process is Rayleigh scattering, which is the classical limit of scattering -- the limit where the wavelength of the light is much longer than the size of the scatterer. The scattering cross section (a way of quantifying what fraction of the incoming beam is scattered) depends on wavelength. For Rayleigh scattering, the dependence goes like [math]1//lambda^4[/math] where [math]/lambda[/math] is the wavelength of the light being scattered. This means that blue light, which has a shorter wave length, has a higher scattering cross section, so blue light is scattered more than red light. During theContinue ReadingThe dominant scattering process is Rayleigh scattering, which is the classical limit of scattering -- the limit where the wavelength of the light is much longer than the size of the scatterer. The scattering cross section (a way of quantifying what fraction of the incoming beam is scattered) depends on wavelength. For Rayleigh scattering, the dependence goes like [math]1//lambda^4[/math] where [math]/lambda[/math] is the wavelength of the light being scattered. This means that blue light, which has a shorter wave length, has a higher scattering cross section, so blue light is scattered more than red light. During the day, the whole air mass overhead is scattering more blue light than red light; more red light just passes through unscathed, while blue light bounces around more. This literally means that looking out at the sky, you are more likely to get blue photons which have scattered in some part of the atmosphere than red ones. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","All of the above about Rayleigh Scattering is true but it leads to a logical next question. Why then is the sky not Violet? Violet light is bluer than blue light and if the only effect was Rayleigh scattering then that is the colour we would see. The key to understanding why we see blue and not violet is actually in the seeing. Our eyes are more sensitive to blue than to violet so that is the colour we see. Even though there are more violet photons than blue photons reaching our eyes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminosity_function","All of the above about Rayleigh Scattering is true but it leads to a logical next question. Why then is the sky not Violet? Violet light is bluer than blue light and if the only effect was Rayleigh scattering then that is the colour we would see. The key to understanding why we see blue and not violet is actually in the seeing. Our eyes are more sensitive to blue than to violet so that is the colour we see. Even though there are more violet photons than blue photons reaching our eyes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminosity_function |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The answer taught in classrooms is: the sky is blue because blue is a short wavelength and air molecules scatter short wavelengths of light better than long wavelengths. Violet has a shorter wavelength than blue, but our eyes aren’t very sensitive to violet light. Blue light is less polarized than the other colors because it scatters more times and multiple scatterings destroy polarization. This is a convincing explanation, but before I accept the conventional wisdom about anything, I always like to rule out some alternatives and try to say the same thing in other languages, even if it sounds sContinue ReadingThe answer taught in classrooms is: the sky is blue because blue is a short wavelength and air molecules scatter short wavelengths of light better than long wavelengths. Violet has a shorter wavelength than blue, but our eyes aren’t very sensitive to violet light. Blue light is less polarized than the other colors because it scatters more times and multiple scatterings destroy polarization. This is a convincing explanation, but before I accept the conventional wisdom about anything, I always like to rule out some alternatives and try to say the same thing in other languages, even if it sounds silly.The blueness of the sky and the polarization of the sky. What if the sky is blue because charged particles from the solar wind collide with air molecules? Both photons and electrons can collide with air molecules and make blue light. In fact, the northern lights are produced by the charged particles that leak around to the dark side of the planet, so I’m not sure that this possibility has been ruled out. When one considers the similarities between light and charged particles, maybe the distinction isn’t all that important.A beam of charged particles glows blue when it is in contact with air. What if the sky is blue because Cerenkov light is emitted when charged particles from the solar wind travel faster than the average speed of light in the atmosphere? If the atmosphere is treated as a continuous medium instead of as a collection of discrete scattering centers, perhaps this could be an equally valid explanation. Gravity bends light, so it has an index of refraction relative to gravity-free space and, in this context, the solar wind doesn’t have to be moving at a ridiculous speed to emit blue, Cerenkov light when the gravitational field of our planet slows it down. Going one step further, when the charged particles’ trajectory is bent by the Earth’s magnetic field, it is more appropriate to call the resulting radiation synchrotron light rather than Cerenkov light. Two forms of radiation result from deceleration of a charged particle: Cerenkov radiation from charged particles traveling faster than light in water. Synchrotron radiation from charged particles’ trajectory bending in a magnet. Perhaps this concept can be inverted to give us yet another explanation. What if we imagine the molecules in our atmosphere moving relative to a gravity-free reference frame. They create a sort of optical grating which polarizes and filters the light from the sun as it travels through the aetheric, blue, electromagnetic wakes trailing behind by the molecules. Backing up a bit, we now have four, independent explanations for one thing. The sky is blue becauseshorter wavelengths scatter off of molecules in the atmospherecharged particles scatter off of molecules in the atmosphereCerenkov radiation and synchrotron radiationair molecules trace out aetheric wakes which filter solar lightOnly one of these explanations is well-supported by the scientific literature, but since it is possible for multiple, independent explanations to be true at the same time, we often choose our favorite explanation based on simplicity and predictive power, qualities which depend on perspective. But if no single theory can simultaneously describe the part and the whole, one must always be of two minds to understand anything, so which two out of the four would you choose? I’d love to hear your counterexamples for the more unconventional explanations. Thinking outside of the box is fun! -Kirsten Hacker","The answer taught in classrooms is: the sky is blue because blue is a short wavelength and air molecules scatter short wavelengths of light better than long wavelengths. Violet has a shorter wavelength than blue, but our eyes aren’t very sensitive to violet light. Blue light is less polarized than the other colors because it scatters more times and multiple scatterings destroy polarization. This is a convincing explanation, but before I accept the conventional wisdom about anything, I always like to rule out some alternatives and try to say the same thing in other languages, even if it sounds sContinue ReadingThe answer taught in classrooms is: the sky is blue because blue is a short wavelength and air molecules scatter short wavelengths of light better than long wavelengths. Violet has a shorter wavelength than blue, but our eyes aren’t very sensitive to violet light. Blue light is less polarized than the other colors because it scatters more times and multiple scatterings destroy polarization. This is a convincing explanation, but before I accept the conventional wisdom about anything, I always like to rule out some alternatives and try to say the same thing in other languages, even if it sounds silly.The blueness of the sky and the polarization of the sky. What if the sky is blue because charged particles from the solar wind collide with air molecules? Both photons and electrons can collide with air molecules and make blue light. In fact, the northern lights are produced by the charged particles that leak around to the dark side of the planet, so I’m not sure that this possibility has been ruled out. When one considers the similarities between light and charged particles, maybe the distinction isn’t all that important.A beam of charged particles glows blue when it is in contact with air. What if the sky is blue because Cerenkov light is emitted when charged particles from the solar wind travel faster than the average speed of light in the atmosphere? If the atmosphere is treated as a continuous medium instead of as a collection of discrete scattering centers, perhaps this could be an equally valid explanation. Gravity bends light, so it has an index of refraction relative to gravity-free space and, in this context, the solar wind doesn’t have to be moving at a ridiculous speed to emit blue, Cerenkov light when the gravitational field of our planet slows it down. Going one step further, when the charged particles’ trajectory is bent by the Earth’s magnetic field, it is more appropriate to call the resulting radiation synchrotron light rather than Cerenkov light. Two forms of radiation result from deceleration of a charged particle: Cerenkov radiation from charged particles traveling faster than light in water. Synchrotron radiation from charged particles’ trajectory bending in a magnet. Perhaps this concept can be inverted to give us yet another explanation. What if we imagine the molecules in our atmosphere moving relative to a gravity-free reference frame. They create a sort of optical grating which polarizes and filters the light from the sun as it travels through the aetheric, blue, electromagnetic wakes trailing behind by the molecules. Backing up a bit, we now have four, independent explanations for one thing. The sky is blue becauseshorter wavelengths scatter off of molecules in the atmospherecharged particles scatter off of molecules in the atmosphereCerenkov radiation and synchrotron radiationair molecules trace out aetheric wakes which filter solar lightOnly one of these explanations is well-supported by the scientific literature, but since it is possible for multiple, independent explanations to be true at the same time, we often choose our favorite explanation based on simplicity and predictive power, qualities which depend on perspective. But if no single theory can simultaneously describe the part and the whole, one must always be of two minds to understand anything, so which two out of the four would you choose? I’d love to hear your counterexamples for the more unconventional explanations. Thinking outside of the box is fun! -Kirsten Hacker |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","liter"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 28.35 ml in a fluid ounce (29.57 if youre American) and 500 ml in a half litre. I leave the arithmetic as an exercise for the student.","here are 28.35 ml in a fluid ounce (29.57 if youre American) and 500 ml in a half litre. I leave the arithmetic as an exercise for the student. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 16.90 ounces in a half litre. Formula : multiply the volume value by 33.814 How many ounces are in 1/2 litre? Half litre equals 16.90 ounces [US, liquid] because 1/2 times 33.81 (the conversion factor) = 16.90 How to convert 1/2 litre to ounces [US, liquid] To calculate a value in litres to the corresponding value in ounces [US, liquid], just multiply the quantity in litres by 33.814022701843 (the conversion factor). Here is the formula: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = value in litres × 33.814022701843 Supose you want to convert a litre into ounces [US, liquid]. In this case you will have: ValContinue ReadingThere are 16.90 ounces in a half litre. Formula : multiply the volume value by 33.814 How many ounces are in 1/2 litre? Half litre equals 16.90 ounces [US, liquid] because 1/2 times 33.81 (the conversion factor) = 16.90 How to convert 1/2 litre to ounces [US, liquid] To calculate a value in litres to the corresponding value in ounces [US, liquid], just multiply the quantity in litres by 33.814022701843 (the conversion factor). Here is the formula: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = value in litres × 33.814022701843 Supose you want to convert a litre into ounces [US, liquid]. In this case you will have: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = 1/2 × 33.814022701843 = 16.907011350921 THANK YOU.","here are 16.90 ounces in a half litre. Formula : multiply the volume value by 33.814 How many ounces are in 1/2 litre? Half litre equals 16.90 ounces [US, liquid] because 1/2 times 33.81 (the conversion factor) = 16.90 How to convert 1/2 litre to ounces [US, liquid] To calculate a value in litres to the corresponding value in ounces [US, liquid], just multiply the quantity in litres by 33.814022701843 (the conversion factor). Here is the formula: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = value in litres × 33.814022701843 Supose you want to convert a litre into ounces [US, liquid]. In this case you will have: ValContinue ReadingThere are 16.90 ounces in a half litre. Formula : multiply the volume value by 33.814 How many ounces are in 1/2 litre? Half litre equals 16.90 ounces [US, liquid] because 1/2 times 33.81 (the conversion factor) = 16.90 How to convert 1/2 litre to ounces [US, liquid] To calculate a value in litres to the corresponding value in ounces [US, liquid], just multiply the quantity in litres by 33.814022701843 (the conversion factor). Here is the formula: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = value in litres × 33.814022701843 Supose you want to convert a litre into ounces [US, liquid]. In this case you will have: Value in ounces [US, liquid] = 1/2 × 33.814022701843 = 16.907011350921 THANK YOU. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well, what volume does a [math]/text{fluid ounce}[/math] occupy in [math]/text{millilitres}[/math]…? Is it not [math]28.4•mL[/math] …? And of course, if the liquid is WATER, this has a mass of [math]28.4•g[/math]… And so we take the quotient with respect to LIQUID water… [math]/dfrac{500•mL}{28.4•mL•/text{fluid ounce}^{-1}} /approx 18•/text{fluid ounce}[/math], [math]/text{two and one quarter Imperial cups ...}[/math]","Well, what volume does a [math]/text{fluid ounce}[/math] occupy in [math]/text{millilitres}[/math]…? Is it not [math]28.4•mL[/math] …? And of course, if the liquid is WATER, this has a mass of [math]28.4•g[/math]… And so we take the quotient with respect to LIQUID water… [math]/dfrac{500•mL}{28.4•mL•/text{fluid ounce}^{-1}} /approx 18•/text{fluid ounce}[/math], [math]/text{two and one quarter Imperial cups ...}[/math] |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ounces measure weight (or mass) and there are 16 to a pound. Litres measure the volume of liquids. So you need to be specific as to the liquid since it depends on the density. In the case of water, one litre weighs one kilogram or 35.27 ounces so half a litre would weigh 17.64 ounces. Half a litre of mercury would weight very much more; multiply by the density.","unces measure weight (or mass) and there are 16 to a pound. Litres measure the volume of liquids. So you need to be specific as to the liquid since it depends on the density. In the case of water, one litre weighs one kilogram or 35.27 ounces so half a litre would weigh 17.64 ounces. Half a litre of mercury would weight very much more; multiply by the density. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Half a liter is how many ounces? Google tells us that 1 liter = 33.814 ounces You may remember that we can multiply (or divide) equations on both sides by the same non-zero number and get equivalent equations. If we want 1/2 liter, let’s multiply both sides of the conversion equation by 1/2 in decimal form- 0.5 1 liter = 33.814 ounces 0.5 * 1 liter = 0.5 * 33.814 ounces 0.5 liter = 16.907 ounces","Half a liter is how many ounces? Google tells us that 1 liter = 33.814 ounces You may remember that we can multiply (or divide) equations on both sides by the same non-zero number and get equivalent equations. If we want 1/2 liter, let’s multiply both sides of the conversion equation by 1/2 in decimal form- 0.5 1 liter = 33.814 ounces 0.5 * 1 liter = 0.5 * 33.814 ounces 0.5 liter = 16.907 ounces |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('much')|","house"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"OK, first Ill give you some info about CA home prices:Across all of California, the median home price is about $550,000. That means half of all homes are below that and half are above it.For just the San Francisco Bay Metro Area (9 county), the median home price is about $1,250,000. Whew, thats a stinker, huh!OK, now lets talk about what you can afford:Generally, the basic guideline is that you should pay no more than 30% of your monthly income on housing. Many Californians exceed that, but youre the frugal sort, so well stick with 30%.Lets go for that nice little home at $550,000. I pickContinue ReadingOK, first Ill give you some info about CA home prices:Across all of California, the median home price is about $550,000. That means half of all homes are below that and half are above it.For just the San Francisco Bay Metro Area (9 county), the median home price is about $1,250,000. Whew, thats a stinker, huh!OK, now lets talk about what you can afford:Generally, the basic guideline is that you should pay no more than 30% of your monthly income on housing. Many Californians exceed that, but youre the frugal sort, so well stick with 30%.Lets go for that nice little home at $550,000. I picked Sacramento for the calculation (gotta have a Zip Code). Its just a short distance up the road from SF!So, youre going to need to dip into your savings account for your down payment of $137,500 (25% down).So your dream home mortgage is going to be Fixed, 30-year, at 5.25%, with a monthly payment of $2,265 (without tax &amp; insurance). This is with an Average Credit Rating.So if we dont exceed 30% of your monthly income, you will need a minimum income of about $7,550/month or $90,600/year.Now, there are so many variables in all of this, like different loan types, actual credit rating, actual location, actual home price, actual down payment, etc., but I think you get the picture. Other factors to consider which may require more income than $90,600, are your commuting costs, other debt, local cost of living, and local/state taxes. The median home prices are from Zillow and the loan calculation is from Quicken Loans. I hope that helps!","OK, first Ill give you some info about CA home prices:Across all of California, the median home price is about $550,000. That means half of all homes are below that and half are above it.For just the San Francisco Bay Metro Area (9 county), the median home price is about $1,250,000. Whew, thats a stinker, huh!OK, now lets talk about what you can afford:Generally, the basic guideline is that you should pay no more than 30% of your monthly income on housing. Many Californians exceed that, but youre the frugal sort, so well stick with 30%.Lets go for that nice little home at $550,000. I pickContinue ReadingOK, first Ill give you some info about CA home prices:Across all of California, the median home price is about $550,000. That means half of all homes are below that and half are above it.For just the San Francisco Bay Metro Area (9 county), the median home price is about $1,250,000. Whew, thats a stinker, huh!OK, now lets talk about what you can afford:Generally, the basic guideline is that you should pay no more than 30% of your monthly income on housing. Many Californians exceed that, but youre the frugal sort, so well stick with 30%.Lets go for that nice little home at $550,000. I picked Sacramento for the calculation (gotta have a Zip Code). Its just a short distance up the road from SF!So, youre going to need to dip into your savings account for your down payment of $137,500 (25% down).So your dream home mortgage is going to be Fixed, 30-year, at 5.25%, with a monthly payment of $2,265 (without tax &amp; insurance). This is with an Average Credit Rating.So if we dont exceed 30% of your monthly income, you will need a minimum income of about $7,550/month or $90,600/year.Now, there are so many variables in all of this, like different loan types, actual credit rating, actual location, actual home price, actual down payment, etc., but I think you get the picture. Other factors to consider which may require more income than $90,600, are your commuting costs, other debt, local cost of living, and local/state taxes. The median home prices are from Zillow and the loan calculation is from Quicken Loans. I hope that helps! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","What is the average price of a house in California?The average price of a house in California is a meaningless, useless mathematical construct. California covers more than 163,000 square miles of land, across a huge range of climates and ecological zones, and economic and cultural regions. There are parts of the state where you can buy a parcel of land to build a house on for under $10,000, and parts of the state where you can’t buy any piece of real estate whatsoever for less than $1,000,000. You can collect all of these numbers (over some time interval) and compute a mathematical average, butContinue ReadingWhat is the average price of a house in California?The average price of a house in California is a meaningless, useless mathematical construct. California covers more than 163,000 square miles of land, across a huge range of climates and ecological zones, and economic and cultural regions. There are parts of the state where you can buy a parcel of land to build a house on for under $10,000, and parts of the state where you can’t buy any piece of real estate whatsoever for less than $1,000,000. You can collect all of these numbers (over some time interval) and compute a mathematical average, but that resulting number won’t provide you with any valuable insight. The average price of comparable houses within a region of interest can certainly be useful in understanding a market, but “all houses in all of California” ain’t that.","hat is the average price of a house in California?The average price of a house in California is a meaningless, useless mathematical construct. California covers more than 163,000 square miles of land, across a huge range of climates and ecological zones, and economic and cultural regions. There are parts of the state where you can buy a parcel of land to build a house on for under $10,000, and parts of the state where you can’t buy any piece of real estate whatsoever for less than $1,000,000. You can collect all of these numbers (over some time interval) and compute a mathematical average, butContinue ReadingWhat is the average price of a house in California?The average price of a house in California is a meaningless, useless mathematical construct. California covers more than 163,000 square miles of land, across a huge range of climates and ecological zones, and economic and cultural regions. There are parts of the state where you can buy a parcel of land to build a house on for under $10,000, and parts of the state where you can’t buy any piece of real estate whatsoever for less than $1,000,000. You can collect all of these numbers (over some time interval) and compute a mathematical average, but that resulting number won’t provide you with any valuable insight. The average price of comparable houses within a region of interest can certainly be useful in understanding a market, but “all houses in all of California” ain’t that. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('gain')|","weight"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Before going to the types of food or diet routine, there are things which needs to be taken into consideration. Which helps us to gain weight fast, some of them includes:1. Take care of your digestion system because if our food doesnt get digested its of no use.2. Wake up early and take a walk and do some exercise (doesnt mean you need to hit the gym) like push ups, chin ups, skipping it will help you increase your hunger and your digestive system.3. Take a walk before Dinner.4. Try to drink at least 1 glass of water every hour and with passage of time like after 1 month, try to make it Continue ReadingBefore going to the types of food or diet routine, there are things which needs to be taken into consideration. Which helps us to gain weight fast, some of them includes:1. Take care of your digestion system because if our food doesnt get digested its of no use.2. Wake up early and take a walk and do some exercise (doesnt mean you need to hit the gym) like push ups, chin ups, skipping it will help you increase your hunger and your digestive system.3. Take a walk before Dinner.4. Try to drink at least 1 glass of water every hour and with passage of time like after 1 month, try to make it two glasses an hour. Best to way to gain weight is to have something after every two hours it could be anything even an apple could be considered as a meal or a pack of biscuits but it is better if we avoid oily, fried or junk food. It is important understand how our body reacts to food we intake.Now there are some habits related to our food which needs to be replaced as soon as possible, which includes:1. Use brown bread instead of normal or white bread. (Or you may go for any other breads like ginger, bun, but try to avoid white breads.)2. Try not to have plain parantha instead of having some aloo, gobbi, dal or whatever you like.3. Use toned or double toned milk it will digest fast as compared to others. Most of the things taken with milk &amp; butter increases fat,. like bananas with milk, apple with milk in short shakes work better then solely food and its much better if we have something with shakes like:1. Banana shake with sweet potato.2. Banana shake or any shake with sandwiches.3. Carrots with milk help you gain a lot of weight along with increase in calorie count. So, eating is not the sole element which leads to weight gain but others things as well play a vital role like exercises, our habits and most importantly digesting whatever we are eat.Hope this must be useful to you.God bless!Keep smiling :)","Before going to the types of food or diet routine, there are things which needs to be taken into consideration. Which helps us to gain weight fast, some of them includes:1. Take care of your digestion system because if our food doesnt get digested its of no use.2. Wake up early and take a walk and do some exercise (doesnt mean you need to hit the gym) like push ups, chin ups, skipping it will help you increase your hunger and your digestive system.3. Take a walk before Dinner.4. Try to drink at least 1 glass of water every hour and with passage of time like after 1 month, try to make it Continue ReadingBefore going to the types of food or diet routine, there are things which needs to be taken into consideration. Which helps us to gain weight fast, some of them includes:1. Take care of your digestion system because if our food doesnt get digested its of no use.2. Wake up early and take a walk and do some exercise (doesnt mean you need to hit the gym) like push ups, chin ups, skipping it will help you increase your hunger and your digestive system.3. Take a walk before Dinner.4. Try to drink at least 1 glass of water every hour and with passage of time like after 1 month, try to make it two glasses an hour. Best to way to gain weight is to have something after every two hours it could be anything even an apple could be considered as a meal or a pack of biscuits but it is better if we avoid oily, fried or junk food. It is important understand how our body reacts to food we intake.Now there are some habits related to our food which needs to be replaced as soon as possible, which includes:1. Use brown bread instead of normal or white bread. (Or you may go for any other breads like ginger, bun, but try to avoid white breads.)2. Try not to have plain parantha instead of having some aloo, gobbi, dal or whatever you like.3. Use toned or double toned milk it will digest fast as compared to others. Most of the things taken with milk &amp; butter increases fat,. like bananas with milk, apple with milk in short shakes work better then solely food and its much better if we have something with shakes like:1. Banana shake with sweet potato.2. Banana shake or any shake with sandwiches.3. Carrots with milk help you gain a lot of weight along with increase in calorie count. So, eating is not the sole element which leads to weight gain but others things as well play a vital role like exercises, our habits and most importantly digesting whatever we are eat.Hope this must be useful to you.God bless!Keep smiling :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","#1 Milk Milk is a great source of protein and carbohydrates, along with many other nutrients making it great for weight gain. A 100 ml serving contains around 3.4g of protein and if you drink 2 glasses every day, you would have consumed 14g of protein.  Read more about the various health benefits of milk and ways to include it in your diet. Opt for whole milk which has more fat content than skimmed milk. #2 Eggs Eggs too are a great source of protein, with 100g containing as much as 13g of protein. They are also loaded with several vitamins like vitamin A and B12 making them an excellent health fContinue Reading#1 Milk Milk is a great source of protein and carbohydrates, along with many other nutrients making it great for weight gain. A 100 ml serving contains around 3.4g of protein and if you drink 2 glasses every day, you would have consumed 14g of protein.  Read more about the various health benefits of milk and ways to include it in your diet. Opt for whole milk which has more fat content than skimmed milk. #2 Eggs Eggs too are a great source of protein, with 100g containing as much as 13g of protein. They are also loaded with several vitamins like vitamin A and B12 making them an excellent health food.  Here are the various health benefits of eggs. Have them for breakfast in any way you like – poached, boiled, etc. #3 Energy bars Energy bars like granola bars might not be healthy if you are trying to lose weight, but it’s a good option for those trying to gain weight. They are loaded with nuts and calories, and if consumed in moderation, they can help add some weight. Have one as a snack in the evening to fill you up but choose one which less sugar. #4 Oats Oats are rich in fibre, and a 100g serving contain 17g of protein. They are also rich in iron, making them a great health food for everyone and not just for those who are trying to lose weight. Try this healthy oat recipe to gain weight. You can have oats for breakfast by making a porridge or also try these 8 ways to eat oats. #5 Banana Bananas are often recommended in most diet plans for weight gain. A single banana can contain 105 calories and gives you an instant source of energy. Also, they contain a lot of carbohydrates making them a great food to have to replenish yourself after a workout. Often, you’ll see tennis players eating bananas in between matches for instant energy. Bananas also have other benefits that you should know about. #6 Butter If you like the taste of butter and want to put on weight, then you should definitely include it in your diet. It is extremely rich in fat with 100g of butter, containing 81g of fat. However, make sure that you eat it in moderation as a healthy percentage of this fat is saturated fat which can clog your arteries and lead to heart disease. Read about the various health benefits of butter. #7 Potatoes About 40% of your diet when you are trying to gain weight, should consist of carbohydrates and potatoes are rich in carbohydrates, and contain amino acids like glutamine and arginine making them a good food option for those who want to gain weight. Make sure you retain the skin for optimum nutrional value. Read about the various health benefits of potatoes. You could also opt for sweet potatoes. #8 Soya bean Meeting your protein requirements every day can be tough when you are trying to gain weight. Soya bean which has as much as 36g of protein per every 100g serving, can be a great food that’ll help you meet those targets. Soya bean can also help you lower your cholesterol levels. #9 Noodles Even though a lot of people think they are unhealthy, eating noodles can be a great way to add some calories and carbohydrates in your diet. Also, you could mix it with a lot of vegetables which will give them many essential nutrients like vitamins and antioxidants too. Here are a few healthy noodle recipes that you can try – Spicy sesame noodles and chapati masala noodles. #10 Chicken A lot of bodybuilders don’t forget to include chicken in their diet. Not only is it extremely delicious, a 100g serving contains as much as 25g of protein. Include it in your diet for a month, and you are likely to see quick results. Also read the 8 health benefits of chicken. Hopefully, these foods will help you gain weight. Remember that gaining weight is hard and may take some time. Eat foods that boost your immunity too, as falling sick can seriously ruin your weight gain program and that can be extremely demotivating.","1 Milk Milk is a great source of protein and carbohydrates, along with many other nutrients making it great for weight gain. A 100 ml serving contains around 3.4g of protein and if you drink 2 glasses every day, you would have consumed 14g of protein.  Read more about the various health benefits of milk and ways to include it in your diet. Opt for whole milk which has more fat content than skimmed milk. #2 Eggs Eggs too are a great source of protein, with 100g containing as much as 13g of protein. They are also loaded with several vitamins like vitamin A and B12 making them an excellent health fContinue Reading#1 Milk Milk is a great source of protein and carbohydrates, along with many other nutrients making it great for weight gain. A 100 ml serving contains around 3.4g of protein and if you drink 2 glasses every day, you would have consumed 14g of protein.  Read more about the various health benefits of milk and ways to include it in your diet. Opt for whole milk which has more fat content than skimmed milk. #2 Eggs Eggs too are a great source of protein, with 100g containing as much as 13g of protein. They are also loaded with several vitamins like vitamin A and B12 making them an excellent health food.  Here are the various health benefits of eggs. Have them for breakfast in any way you like – poached, boiled, etc. #3 Energy bars Energy bars like granola bars might not be healthy if you are trying to lose weight, but it’s a good option for those trying to gain weight. They are loaded with nuts and calories, and if consumed in moderation, they can help add some weight. Have one as a snack in the evening to fill you up but choose one which less sugar. #4 Oats Oats are rich in fibre, and a 100g serving contain 17g of protein. They are also rich in iron, making them a great health food for everyone and not just for those who are trying to lose weight. Try this healthy oat recipe to gain weight. You can have oats for breakfast by making a porridge or also try these 8 ways to eat oats. #5 Banana Bananas are often recommended in most diet plans for weight gain. A single banana can contain 105 calories and gives you an instant source of energy. Also, they contain a lot of carbohydrates making them a great food to have to replenish yourself after a workout. Often, you’ll see tennis players eating bananas in between matches for instant energy. Bananas also have other benefits that you should know about. #6 Butter If you like the taste of butter and want to put on weight, then you should definitely include it in your diet. It is extremely rich in fat with 100g of butter, containing 81g of fat. However, make sure that you eat it in moderation as a healthy percentage of this fat is saturated fat which can clog your arteries and lead to heart disease. Read about the various health benefits of butter. #7 Potatoes About 40% of your diet when you are trying to gain weight, should consist of carbohydrates and potatoes are rich in carbohydrates, and contain amino acids like glutamine and arginine making them a good food option for those who want to gain weight. Make sure you retain the skin for optimum nutrional value. Read about the various health benefits of potatoes. You could also opt for sweet potatoes. #8 Soya bean Meeting your protein requirements every day can be tough when you are trying to gain weight. Soya bean which has as much as 36g of protein per every 100g serving, can be a great food that’ll help you meet those targets. Soya bean can also help you lower your cholesterol levels. #9 Noodles Even though a lot of people think they are unhealthy, eating noodles can be a great way to add some calories and carbohydrates in your diet. Also, you could mix it with a lot of vegetables which will give them many essential nutrients like vitamins and antioxidants too. Here are a few healthy noodle recipes that you can try – Spicy sesame noodles and chapati masala noodles. #10 Chicken A lot of bodybuilders don’t forget to include chicken in their diet. Not only is it extremely delicious, a 100g serving contains as much as 25g of protein. Include it in your diet for a month, and you are likely to see quick results. Also read the 8 health benefits of chicken. Hopefully, these foods will help you gain weight. Remember that gaining weight is hard and may take some time. Eat foods that boost your immunity too, as falling sick can seriously ruin your weight gain program and that can be extremely demotivating. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you want to gain weight, simply adding certain foods to your diet can be very effective to gain weight. Homemade Protein Smoothies such as, Chocolate banana nut shake, Vanilla berry shake, Chocolate hazelnut shake, Caramel apple shake. Drink Milk daily and also add to your meal, Rice, Nuts and Nut Butters, Red Meats, Potatoes and Starches, Salmon and Oily Fish. I hope you got your answers. Best of luck for your weight gain :)","If you want to gain weight, simply adding certain foods to your diet can be very effective to gain weight. Homemade Protein Smoothies such as, Chocolate banana nut shake, Vanilla berry shake, Chocolate hazelnut shake, Caramel apple shake. Drink Milk daily and also add to your meal, Rice, Nuts and Nut Butters, Red Meats, Potatoes and Starches, Salmon and Oily Fish. I hope you got your answers. Best of luck for your weight gain :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('take')|","screenshot"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"As on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick).","s on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Taking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS.","aking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('delete')|","|pal:NRT('facebook')|","account"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Facebook users can restore their accounts from the account deletion history page by selecting restore next to the desired date. If you are unable to find a previous deletion in the list or you are now worried that your account has been hacked, Facebook recommends resetting your password. This will require you to enter your email address and a new password of your choice. Follow the below steps provided for recover your account.Go to Security in the Settings menu on Facebook.Enter your email address or phone number and click Get Started. You will then receive a text with a link to reset yourContinue ReadingFacebook users can restore their accounts from the account deletion history page by selecting restore next to the desired date. If you are unable to find a previous deletion in the list or you are now worried that your account has been hacked, Facebook recommends resetting your password. This will require you to enter your email address and a new password of your choice. Follow the below steps provided for recover your account.Go to Security in the Settings menu on Facebook.Enter your email address or phone number and click Get Started. You will then receive a text with a link to reset your password. Follow the link and enter your username, answer security questions if asked, and enter your new password twice to reset it.Click the Forgot Your Password button on Facebooks login page, enter your mobile number or email address, answer a security question about what you use for online banking (optional), and follow instructions to set up a new password.Turn on login approvals via Security in Settings if you want to avoid unauthorised logins from different browsers or devices by following these steps: Click Security in the main menu bar on top of your screen. Scroll down to Login Approvals, enable it, and then click OK.If you have tried the above options and you still dont get the desired results then Ill suggest you engage the help of HACK GENIUS INC they have done this type of operation countless times they are the ones for the job. hackgenius148@gmail.com thank me later. Good luck ✌️","Facebook users can restore their accounts from the account deletion history page by selecting restore next to the desired date. If you are unable to find a previous deletion in the list or you are now worried that your account has been hacked, Facebook recommends resetting your password. This will require you to enter your email address and a new password of your choice. Follow the below steps provided for recover your account.Go to Security in the Settings menu on Facebook.Enter your email address or phone number and click Get Started. You will then receive a text with a link to reset yourContinue ReadingFacebook users can restore their accounts from the account deletion history page by selecting restore next to the desired date. If you are unable to find a previous deletion in the list or you are now worried that your account has been hacked, Facebook recommends resetting your password. This will require you to enter your email address and a new password of your choice. Follow the below steps provided for recover your account.Go to Security in the Settings menu on Facebook.Enter your email address or phone number and click Get Started. You will then receive a text with a link to reset your password. Follow the link and enter your username, answer security questions if asked, and enter your new password twice to reset it.Click the Forgot Your Password button on Facebooks login page, enter your mobile number or email address, answer a security question about what you use for online banking (optional), and follow instructions to set up a new password.Turn on login approvals via Security in Settings if you want to avoid unauthorised logins from different browsers or devices by following these steps: Click Security in the main menu bar on top of your screen. Scroll down to Login Approvals, enable it, and then click OK.If you have tried the above options and you still dont get the desired results then Ill suggest you engage the help of HACK GENIUS INC they have done this type of operation countless times they are the ones for the job. hackgenius148@gmail.com thank me later. Good luck ✌️ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Q͓̽u͓̽e͓̽s͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽h͓̽o͓̽u͓̽l͓̽d͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽s͓̽w͓̽e͓̽r͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ p͓̽r͓̽o͓̽p͓̽e͓̽r͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ b͓̽y͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽p͓̽e͓̽c͓̽i͓̽a͓̽l͓̽i͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽o͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽s͓̽ d͓̽e͓̽d͓̽i͓̽c͓̽a͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽v͓̽e͓̽i͓̽l͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽c͓̽r͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ l͓̽o͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ ,͓̽ s͓̽o͓̽m͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽ p͓̽a͓̽r͓̽t͓̽n͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ c͓̽a͓̽n͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽d͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽y͓̽t͓̽h͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ f͓̽r͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ I͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽t͓̽i͓̽l͓̽ I͓̽ m͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽m͓̽ .͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽n͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ kContinue ReadingQ͓̽u͓̽e͓̽s͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽h͓̽o͓̽u͓̽l͓̽d͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽s͓̽w͓̽e͓̽r͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ p͓̽r͓̽o͓̽p͓̽e͓̽r͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ b͓̽y͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽p͓̽e͓̽c͓̽i͓̽a͓̽l͓̽i͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽o͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽s͓̽ d͓̽e͓̽d͓̽i͓̽c͓̽a͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽v͓̽e͓̽i͓̽l͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽c͓̽r͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ l͓̽o͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ ,͓̽ s͓̽o͓̽m͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽ p͓̽a͓̽r͓̽t͓̽n͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ c͓̽a͓̽n͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽d͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽y͓̽t͓̽h͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ f͓̽r͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ I͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽t͓̽i͓̽l͓̽ I͓̽ m͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽m͓̽ .͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽n͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ k͓̽n͓̽o͓̽w͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽r͓̽u͓̽t͓̽h͓̽ a͓̽b͓̽o͓̽u͓̽t͓̽ m͓̽y͓̽ m͓̽a͓̽r͓̽r͓̽i͓̽a͓̽g͓̽e͓̽,͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽i͓̽c͓̽h͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ f͓̽u͓̽l͓̽l͓̽ o͓̽f͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽s͓̽,͓̽ I͓̽ o͓̽n͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ g͓̽a͓̽v͓̽e͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽t͓̽t͓̽l͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ a͓̽m͓̽a͓̽z͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ w͓̽i͓̽t͓̽h͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽a͓̽t͓̽ I͓̽ g͓̽o͓̽t͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽e͓̽.͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ s͓̽u͓̽m͓̽m͓̽o͓̽n͓̽ c͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽a͓̽g͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ t͓̽a͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽t͓̽e͓̽p͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ k͓̽n͓̽o͓̽w͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽r͓̽u͓̽t͓̽h͓̽.͓̽ M͓̽a͓̽i͓̽l͓̽:͓̽ R͓̽e͓̽c͓̽o͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽y͓̽h͓̽a͓̽c͓̽k͓̽e͓̽r͓̽1͓̽7͓̽ a͓̽t͓̽g͓̽m͓̽a͓̽i͓̽l͓̽c͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ T͓̽e͓̽l͓̽e͓̽g͓̽r͓̽a͓̽m͓̽:͓̽ +͓̽4͓̽4͓̽ 7͓̽7͓̽4͓̽1͓̽9͓̽3͓̽1͓̽0͓̽6͓̽1͓̽","Q͓̽u͓̽e͓̽s͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽h͓̽o͓̽u͓̽l͓̽d͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽s͓̽w͓̽e͓̽r͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ p͓̽r͓̽o͓̽p͓̽e͓̽r͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ b͓̽y͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽p͓̽e͓̽c͓̽i͓̽a͓̽l͓̽i͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽o͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽s͓̽ d͓̽e͓̽d͓̽i͓̽c͓̽a͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽v͓̽e͓̽i͓̽l͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽c͓̽r͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ l͓̽o͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ ,͓̽ s͓̽o͓̽m͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽ p͓̽a͓̽r͓̽t͓̽n͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ c͓̽a͓̽n͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽d͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽y͓̽t͓̽h͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ f͓̽r͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ I͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽t͓̽i͓̽l͓̽ I͓̽ m͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽m͓̽ .͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽n͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ kContinue ReadingQ͓̽u͓̽e͓̽s͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽h͓̽o͓̽u͓̽l͓̽d͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽s͓̽w͓̽e͓̽r͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ p͓̽r͓̽o͓̽p͓̽e͓̽r͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ b͓̽y͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽p͓̽e͓̽c͓̽i͓̽a͓̽l͓̽i͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽o͓̽s͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽s͓̽ d͓̽e͓̽d͓̽i͓̽c͓̽a͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽v͓̽e͓̽i͓̽l͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽c͓̽r͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ l͓̽o͓̽s͓̽t͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽s͓̽ ,͓̽ s͓̽o͓̽m͓̽e͓̽ s͓̽a͓̽y͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽ p͓̽a͓̽r͓̽t͓̽n͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ c͓̽a͓̽n͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽d͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽y͓̽t͓̽h͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ f͓̽r͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ I͓̽ b͓̽e͓̽l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽v͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ i͓̽t͓̽ u͓̽n͓̽t͓̽i͓̽l͓̽ I͓̽ m͓̽e͓̽t͓̽ h͓̽i͓̽m͓̽ .͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽n͓̽t͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ k͓̽n͓̽o͓̽w͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽r͓̽u͓̽t͓̽h͓̽ a͓̽b͓̽o͓̽u͓̽t͓̽ m͓̽y͓̽ m͓̽a͓̽r͓̽r͓̽i͓̽a͓̽g͓̽e͓̽,͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽i͓̽c͓̽h͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ f͓̽u͓̽l͓̽l͓̽ o͓̽f͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽e͓̽s͓̽,͓̽ I͓̽ o͓̽n͓̽l͓̽y͓̽ g͓̽a͓̽v͓̽e͓̽ l͓̽i͓̽t͓̽t͓̽l͓̽e͓̽ i͓̽n͓̽f͓̽o͓̽r͓̽m͓̽a͓̽t͓̽i͓̽o͓̽n͓̽ a͓̽n͓̽d͓̽ I͓̽ w͓̽a͓̽s͓̽ a͓̽m͓̽a͓̽z͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ w͓̽i͓̽t͓̽h͓̽ w͓̽h͓̽a͓̽t͓̽ I͓̽ g͓̽o͓̽t͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ s͓̽e͓̽e͓̽.͓̽ y͓̽o͓̽u͓̽ n͓̽e͓̽e͓̽d͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ s͓̽u͓̽m͓̽m͓̽o͓̽n͓̽ c͓̽o͓̽u͓̽r͓̽a͓̽g͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ t͓̽a͓̽k͓̽e͓̽ a͓̽ s͓̽t͓̽e͓̽p͓̽ t͓̽o͓̽ k͓̽n͓̽o͓̽w͓̽i͓̽n͓̽g͓̽ t͓̽h͓̽e͓̽ t͓̽r͓̽u͓̽t͓̽h͓̽.͓̽ M͓̽a͓̽i͓̽l͓̽:͓̽ R͓̽e͓̽c͓̽o͓̽v͓̽e͓̽r͓̽y͓̽h͓̽a͓̽c͓̽k͓̽e͓̽r͓̽1͓̽7͓̽ a͓̽t͓̽g͓̽m͓̽a͓̽i͓̽l͓̽c͓̽o͓̽m͓̽ T͓̽e͓̽l͓̽e͓̽g͓̽r͓̽a͓̽m͓̽:͓̽ +͓̽4͓̽4͓̽ 7͓̽7͓̽4͓̽1͓̽9͓̽3͓̽1͓̽0͓̽6͓̽1͓̽ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","No, once a Facebook account is deleted permanently, it cannot be restored or recovered. Facebook provides a 30-day grace period after you request to delete your account during which you can cancel the deletion request and keep your account active. However, after that period, all your information, including photos, posts, messages, and other data, will be permanently deleted from Facebooks servers. If you want to use Facebook again after deleting your account, you will need to create a new account. Keep in mind that creating a new account will not restore any of your previous data, and you willContinue ReadingNo, once a Facebook account is deleted permanently, it cannot be restored or recovered. Facebook provides a 30-day grace period after you request to delete your account during which you can cancel the deletion request and keep your account active. However, after that period, all your information, including photos, posts, messages, and other data, will be permanently deleted from Facebooks servers. If you want to use Facebook again after deleting your account, you will need to create a new account. Keep in mind that creating a new account will not restore any of your previous data, and you will need to start from scratch with a new profile, friends, and content.","o, once a Facebook account is deleted permanently, it cannot be restored or recovered. Facebook provides a 30-day grace period after you request to delete your account during which you can cancel the deletion request and keep your account active. However, after that period, all your information, including photos, posts, messages, and other data, will be permanently deleted from Facebooks servers. If you want to use Facebook again after deleting your account, you will need to create a new account. Keep in mind that creating a new account will not restore any of your previous data, and you willContinue ReadingNo, once a Facebook account is deleted permanently, it cannot be restored or recovered. Facebook provides a 30-day grace period after you request to delete your account during which you can cancel the deletion request and keep your account active. However, after that period, all your information, including photos, posts, messages, and other data, will be permanently deleted from Facebooks servers. If you want to use Facebook again after deleting your account, you will need to create a new account. Keep in mind that creating a new account will not restore any of your previous data, and you will need to start from scratch with a new profile, friends, and content. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","No, it is unimaginable to expect to reestablish a Facebook account whenever it has been for all time erased. At the point when you erase your record, the entirety of your information, including your posts, photographs, recordings, and messages, are forever eliminated from Facebooks servers. Facebook gives a 30-day beauty period during which you can alter your perspective and reactivate your record. From that point forward, your record is for all time erased and cant be recuperated. If you have any desire to utilize Facebook again in the wake of erasing your record, you should make another recoContinue ReadingNo, it is unimaginable to expect to reestablish a Facebook account whenever it has been for all time erased. At the point when you erase your record, the entirety of your information, including your posts, photographs, recordings, and messages, are forever eliminated from Facebooks servers. Facebook gives a 30-day beauty period during which you can alter your perspective and reactivate your record. From that point forward, your record is for all time erased and cant be recuperated. If you have any desire to utilize Facebook again in the wake of erasing your record, you should make another record without any preparation. Its vital to take note that making another record with a similar name or data as your erased account is against Facebooks help out and can bring about your new record being debilitated.","o, it is unimaginable to expect to reestablish a Facebook account whenever it has been for all time erased. At the point when you erase your record, the entirety of your information, including your posts, photographs, recordings, and messages, are forever eliminated from Facebooks servers. Facebook gives a 30-day beauty period during which you can alter your perspective and reactivate your record. From that point forward, your record is for all time erased and cant be recuperated. If you have any desire to utilize Facebook again in the wake of erasing your record, you should make another recoContinue ReadingNo, it is unimaginable to expect to reestablish a Facebook account whenever it has been for all time erased. At the point when you erase your record, the entirety of your information, including your posts, photographs, recordings, and messages, are forever eliminated from Facebooks servers. Facebook gives a 30-day beauty period during which you can alter your perspective and reactivate your record. From that point forward, your record is for all time erased and cant be recuperated. If you have any desire to utilize Facebook again in the wake of erasing your record, you should make another record without any preparation. Its vital to take note that making another record with a similar name or data as your erased account is against Facebooks help out and can bring about your new record being debilitated. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('mb')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","gb"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Hi, There are 2 answers of it.Data Storage Product Manufacturer measures - 1GB=1000MB but,Computer measures it as - 1GB=1024MB.Actually, its both - depending on who you ask. In computers, everything is stored in binary (base 2). This makes it convenient to use powers of 2 to express sizes and memory addresses. 1024 is 2^10, the power of 2 which is closest to 1000. So computer engineers used the term gigabyte to denote 1024 megabytes (as well as megabyte for 1024 kilobytes and kilobyte for 1024 bytes), because it was more convenient. Technically speaking it was incorrect, since kilo means 1000 anContinue ReadingHi, There are 2 answers of it.Data Storage Product Manufacturer measures - 1GB=1000MB but,Computer measures it as - 1GB=1024MB.Actually, its both - depending on who you ask. In computers, everything is stored in binary (base 2). This makes it convenient to use powers of 2 to express sizes and memory addresses. 1024 is 2^10, the power of 2 which is closest to 1000. So computer engineers used the term gigabyte to denote 1024 megabytes (as well as megabyte for 1024 kilobytes and kilobyte for 1024 bytes), because it was more convenient. Technically speaking it was incorrect, since kilo means 1000 and not 1024. However, disk drive manufacturers chose to use the standard meaning of giga/mega/kilo, which means one gigabyte of hard drive space is 1000^3 bytes and not 1024^3. In order to solve this confusion, the International Electrotechnical Commission decided that the base 2 terms would be renamed to kibibyte, mebibyte, gibibyte etc., however these terms have no completely caught on.","i, There are 2 answers of it.Data Storage Product Manufacturer measures - 1GB=1000MB but,Computer measures it as - 1GB=1024MB.Actually, its both - depending on who you ask. In computers, everything is stored in binary (base 2). This makes it convenient to use powers of 2 to express sizes and memory addresses. 1024 is 2^10, the power of 2 which is closest to 1000. So computer engineers used the term gigabyte to denote 1024 megabytes (as well as megabyte for 1024 kilobytes and kilobyte for 1024 bytes), because it was more convenient. Technically speaking it was incorrect, since kilo means 1000 anContinue ReadingHi, There are 2 answers of it.Data Storage Product Manufacturer measures - 1GB=1000MB but,Computer measures it as - 1GB=1024MB.Actually, its both - depending on who you ask. In computers, everything is stored in binary (base 2). This makes it convenient to use powers of 2 to express sizes and memory addresses. 1024 is 2^10, the power of 2 which is closest to 1000. So computer engineers used the term gigabyte to denote 1024 megabytes (as well as megabyte for 1024 kilobytes and kilobyte for 1024 bytes), because it was more convenient. Technically speaking it was incorrect, since kilo means 1000 and not 1024. However, disk drive manufacturers chose to use the standard meaning of giga/mega/kilo, which means one gigabyte of hard drive space is 1000^3 bytes and not 1024^3. In order to solve this confusion, the International Electrotechnical Commission decided that the base 2 terms would be renamed to kibibyte, mebibyte, gibibyte etc., however these terms have no completely caught on. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Google  express size in Decimal Gigabytes whereas your computers operating system express size in Binary Gigabytes.  In Decimal definition, 1 Gb = 10^9  bytes        = 1000 000 000 bytesThis definition is used in International standard unit  (SI). And it is used in networking and for storage media like hard drives.  In binary definition, 1 Gb = 2^30 bytes        = 1024^3 bytes        =1073741824  bytes This is used by operating systems likeMicrosoft Windows and computer memory(RAM).","oogle  express size in Decimal Gigabytes whereas your computers operating system express size in Binary Gigabytes.  In Decimal definition, 1 Gb = 10^9  bytes        = 1000 000 000 bytesThis definition is used in International standard unit  (SI). And it is used in networking and for storage media like hard drives.  In binary definition, 1 Gb = 2^30 bytes        = 1024^3 bytes        =1073741824  bytes This is used by operating systems likeMicrosoft Windows and computer memory(RAM). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you’re reading packages, a gigabyte is 1000 megabytes. If you’re trying to talk to a computer, 1024 megabytes is a gigabyte. Marketing people operate in base 10; computers operate in base 2.","f you’re reading packages, a gigabyte is 1000 megabytes. If you’re trying to talk to a computer, 1024 megabytes is a gigabyte. Marketing people operate in base 10; computers operate in base 2. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('tall')|","|pal:NRT('kevin')|","hart"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Kevin Hart is 5′2″ or 157 cm tall but Google listed him at 5′4″ or 163 cm tall. Google is a liar","Kevin Hart is 5′2″ or 157 cm tall but Google listed him at 5′4″ or 163 cm tall. Google is a liar |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","He said in Graham norton interview that he is 5 feet 2, when Dwayne joked “ so how does it feel to be 3 feet 2?”.. Kevin corrected its 5 feet 2 .","e said in Graham norton interview that he is 5 feet 2, when Dwayne joked “ so how does it feel to be 3 feet 2?”.. Kevin corrected its 5 feet 2 . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Kevin Hart is a funny actor and comedian who stands at 54. Hes known for his short stature, but makes up for it with his hilarious stand-up routines and acting roles. Despite his height, Hart has had a successful career in Hollywood and continues to make us laugh today. Did you know - he started his career by performing at open mic nights in Philadelphia, and then landed a role on the TV series Undeclared. Hart has since starred in several films, including The Wedding Ringer, Get Hard, and Ride Along.","evin Hart is a funny actor and comedian who stands at 54. Hes known for his short stature, but makes up for it with his hilarious stand-up routines and acting roles. Despite his height, Hart has had a successful career in Hollywood and continues to make us laugh today. Did you know - he started his career by performing at open mic nights in Philadelphia, and then landed a role on the TV series Undeclared. Hart has since starred in several films, including The Wedding Ringer, Get Hard, and Ride Along. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","|pal:NRT('justin')|","bieber"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"This seems like something youd use Wikipedia for, instead of Quora, but I digress: Hes 13 -- at least, he was 13 the last time I ever paid attention to him.","his seems like something youd use Wikipedia for, instead of Quora, but I digress: Hes 13 -- at least, he was 13 the last time I ever paid attention to him. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","world"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"7 Billion (2011) According to the United Nations, world population reached 7 Billion on October 31, 2011. They calculate it from statistics, including the birth rate, death rate and census data. According to a chief analyst in the UNPD, its population estimate relies on fertility, mortality and migration information gathered by government censuses, independent demographic and health surveys, vital registers (official birth and death records), the World Health Organization, the UN High Commission on Refugees, and academic studies. UN analysts revise their country and world population curves everContinue Reading7 Billion (2011) According to the United Nations, world population reached 7 Billion on October 31, 2011. They calculate it from statistics, including the birth rate, death rate and census data. According to a chief analyst in the UNPD, its population estimate relies on fertility, mortality and migration information gathered by government censuses, independent demographic and health surveys, vital registers (official birth and death records), the World Health Organization, the UN High Commission on Refugees, and academic studies. UN analysts revise their country and world population curves every five years to account for any new data gathered by those entities."," Billion (2011) According to the United Nations, world population reached 7 Billion on October 31, 2011. They calculate it from statistics, including the birth rate, death rate and census data. According to a chief analyst in the UNPD, its population estimate relies on fertility, mortality and migration information gathered by government censuses, independent demographic and health surveys, vital registers (official birth and death records), the World Health Organization, the UN High Commission on Refugees, and academic studies. UN analysts revise their country and world population curves everContinue Reading7 Billion (2011) According to the United Nations, world population reached 7 Billion on October 31, 2011. They calculate it from statistics, including the birth rate, death rate and census data. According to a chief analyst in the UNPD, its population estimate relies on fertility, mortality and migration information gathered by government censuses, independent demographic and health surveys, vital registers (official birth and death records), the World Health Organization, the UN High Commission on Refugees, and academic studies. UN analysts revise their country and world population curves every five years to account for any new data gathered by those entities. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you type your question into google this is the first result: How Many People Have Ever Lived on Earth? [ http://www.prb.org/Publications/Articles/2002/HowManyPeopleHaveEverLivedonEarth.aspx ] In fact if you edit the question slightly then you get this:Ill give you some of the article content as well and then show you why that number may be widely inaccurate. Essentially to work out how many peoplContinue ReadingIf you type your question into google this is the first result: How Many People Have Ever Lived on Earth? [ http://www.prb.org/Publications/Articles/2002/HowManyPeopleHaveEverLivedonEarth.aspx ] In fact if you edit the question slightly then you get this:Ill give you some of the article content as well and then show you why that number may be widely inaccurate. Essentially to work out how many people have ever lived you need to know the birth rate fro the whole of human history. You also need to know how long humans have been around. Now if you just count Homo Sapiens as that is what we are and the only surviving species of the genus then we turn up somewhere around 50,000 BC (according the above article). Although if you look into the subject of the first homo sapiens that is a little late. Early Modern Homo sapiens [ http://anthro.palomar.edu/homo2/mod_homo_4.htm ] This article looks at some of the dating and the date is actually 200,000 BP roughly so thats 188,000 BC ish. That means that the number calculated above misses roughly 75% of the time humans (homo sapiens anyway) have existed.  What is also interesting is the connection between modern humans and Neanderthals. There is some evidence that they intermixed This would then beg the question do we count Neanderthals or any hybrid offspring etc. To make it simpler though we should consider that it is just Homo Sapiens that we are looking at and any consequences of mixing with Neanderthals is but a blip on the calculation.  The above article cites the UN as their source for the definition although I havent been able to verify this. If the original date of the article is anything to go by though then it may well be an outdated estimate.  The next thing that you need to consider is the birth rate. Well that is just as difficult. Recording the data seems to have only started in 1960 in Europe at any rate. Fertility statistics. [ http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Fertility_statistics ] So we have about 50 years of data and 200,000 to extrapolate it over! Well there is the population sizes that we have dotted around history where we can correlate all of the data and look at it. Roman Census Figures [ http://www.csun.edu/~hcfll004/romancensus.html ] that link is very useful for numbers. What you do have though is the little bit at the bottom. The numbers may be completely wrong. They can only really be used as a guide. The original article also brings up the issue of infant mortality. When you have a census in a modern country the time between them is roughly 10 years. Now that means that anyone born after the census who then dies before the next census will not appear on any census. The data for those people is on registers of births. Now consider that historical societies were stratified heavily. Look at ancient Athens the Democracy only enfranchised a small group of people other groups didnt count. The same in the Roman empire which led to changes in the definition of the term citizen for the military as they were running out of people. I have digressed a little but it shows that the data we have is sketchy at best.  The rates of birth they set were at 80 per 1000 then 60 per thousan...","f you type your question into google this is the first result: How Many People Have Ever Lived on Earth? [ http://www.prb.org/Publications/Articles/2002/HowManyPeopleHaveEverLivedonEarth.aspx ] In fact if you edit the question slightly then you get this:Ill give you some of the article content as well and then show you why that number may be widely inaccurate. Essentially to work out how many peoplContinue ReadingIf you type your question into google this is the first result: How Many People Have Ever Lived on Earth? [ http://www.prb.org/Publications/Articles/2002/HowManyPeopleHaveEverLivedonEarth.aspx ] In fact if you edit the question slightly then you get this:Ill give you some of the article content as well and then show you why that number may be widely inaccurate. Essentially to work out how many people have ever lived you need to know the birth rate fro the whole of human history. You also need to know how long humans have been around. Now if you just count Homo Sapiens as that is what we are and the only surviving species of the genus then we turn up somewhere around 50,000 BC (according the above article). Although if you look into the subject of the first homo sapiens that is a little late. Early Modern Homo sapiens [ http://anthro.palomar.edu/homo2/mod_homo_4.htm ] This article looks at some of the dating and the date is actually 200,000 BP roughly so thats 188,000 BC ish. That means that the number calculated above misses roughly 75% of the time humans (homo sapiens anyway) have existed.  What is also interesting is the connection between modern humans and Neanderthals. There is some evidence that they intermixed This would then beg the question do we count Neanderthals or any hybrid offspring etc. To make it simpler though we should consider that it is just Homo Sapiens that we are looking at and any consequences of mixing with Neanderthals is but a blip on the calculation.  The above article cites the UN as their source for the definition although I havent been able to verify this. If the original date of the article is anything to go by though then it may well be an outdated estimate.  The next thing that you need to consider is the birth rate. Well that is just as difficult. Recording the data seems to have only started in 1960 in Europe at any rate. Fertility statistics. [ http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/Fertility_statistics ] So we have about 50 years of data and 200,000 to extrapolate it over! Well there is the population sizes that we have dotted around history where we can correlate all of the data and look at it. Roman Census Figures [ http://www.csun.edu/~hcfll004/romancensus.html ] that link is very useful for numbers. What you do have though is the little bit at the bottom. The numbers may be completely wrong. They can only really be used as a guide. The original article also brings up the issue of infant mortality. When you have a census in a modern country the time between them is roughly 10 years. Now that means that anyone born after the census who then dies before the next census will not appear on any census. The data for those people is on registers of births. Now consider that historical societies were stratified heavily. Look at ancient Athens the Democracy only enfranchised a small group of people other groups didnt count. The same in the Roman empire which led to changes in the definition of the term citizen for the military as they were running out of people. I have digressed a little but it shows that the data we have is sketchy at best.  The rates of birth they set were at 80 per 1000 then 60 per thousan... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","[math]~10^{11}[/math], or 100 billion, is a number that floats around. Its usually uncited Carl Haub, or sometimes Tom Ramsey.  Yet Haubs number (108 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 52,000 years, and Ramseys (96 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 1,000,000 years. How can this be? And why do both estimates start with a population of 2, when thats not how populations work? Human population has never been 2.* To be fair, it made their math easier, and their philosophy too, on a half-serious experimental problem, but they took a pass on modeling any pre-NContinue Reading[math]~10^{11}[/math], or 100 billion, is a number that floats around. Its usually uncited Carl Haub, or sometimes Tom Ramsey.  Yet Haubs number (108 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 52,000 years, and Ramseys (96 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 1,000,000 years. How can this be? And why do both estimates start with a population of 2, when thats not how populations work? Human population has never been 2.* To be fair, it made their math easier, and their philosophy too, on a half-serious experimental problem, but they took a pass on modeling any pre-Neolithic populations, on the grounds that it wouldnt make much of a difference anyway.   Even if they hadnt taken this pass, their numbers would be different. Both used benchmark years (e.g. 1750 had 795 million people, 1800 had 969 million people) and interpolate the growth in between by using the population growth equation [math]N(t)=N_0e^r^t[/math]. However, Haubs choice was to multiply the birth rate for each year times the population for each year and Ramseys was to use calculus to get the total number of person-years lived and divide by life expectancy.  Haubs number is much higher, even for just the last 2000 years (62 billion to Ramseys 48 billion, both updated to 2014), because it assumes a much greater number of infant deaths, especially in the early years. But this doesnt explain the long tail of the growth curve, not even visible on the chart below.  Wikimedia: El T (Public domain) Its not that there was no one around in the Paleolithic... the demographers have just taken a pass on an essential definition. What do we mean by human? Lets follow Ramseys method back to a few possibilities, all of them arbitrary of course. If we update to 2013, using a life expectancy of 60, Ramseys method gives 97.5 billion, but 19.6 billion of these are in the -1,000,000 to -9,000 period. Lets work with 97.5 billion - 19.6 billion = 77.9 billion since 9000 BCE, when agriculture was really starting to lift populations in small regions of the world.  If we start with human effective population size and accept a very high estimate of the Toba bottleneck [Ambrose-PDF], i.e. 10,000 reproductive females (Takahata et al., 1995; Klein et al., 1993;Erlich et al., 1996; Sherry et al., 1997). the total population in -71,000 could have been something like 30,000. According to Ramsey, the total person-years from A to B is [P(B)-P(A)](B-A)/{Ln[P(B)]-Ln[P(A)]}.  So ((7,500,000-30,000)(-9000-(-71000)))/{ln(7,500,000)-ln(30,000)} gives 83.9 billion person-years. Divide by a life expectancy of 25 and get 3.4 billion. So with an updated Ramsey, we get 81.3 billion since Toba (ca. 73,000 years ago), which works with the timescale of behavioral modernity, if you believe in that sort of thing. Does this include our Neanderthal and Denisovan ancestors, and other Homo lineages throughout Africa and Eurasia weve not yet encountered? It gets messy from here. Without doing Haubs interpolations, but instead allowing for what his birth rate method does: push the life expectancy down to ~16, we can add to Haubs 107 billion since 8,000 BCE. and 5.2 billion from then back to Toba. That gives 112 billion and counting. Yes, not too much of a difference from the handwave, but you can take this calculation back to human-chimpanzee divergence if youre willing to keep guessing on population sizes. Do we reach a trillion hominoids?The significance is that both numbers are enormous. They are enormous largely because most of the people who have ever lived never became adults. Haub answered the question to address the common saying (incorrect) that more people are alive today than have ever lived (we are at about 7% given his assumptions), but if were just counting adults over 15, there are 4.4 billion alive today, which might be a fifth of the adults whove lived in the last 2,000 years. This is not unexpected, as so many adults being alive is what has fueled our exponential growth! * The Young Earth Creationist number could still be about 100 billion, given this belief in an antediluvian population of 9 billion, with no pre-Noah checks on exponential growth.","math]~10^{11}[/math], or 100 billion, is a number that floats around. Its usually uncited Carl Haub, or sometimes Tom Ramsey.  Yet Haubs number (108 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 52,000 years, and Ramseys (96 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 1,000,000 years. How can this be? And why do both estimates start with a population of 2, when thats not how populations work? Human population has never been 2.* To be fair, it made their math easier, and their philosophy too, on a half-serious experimental problem, but they took a pass on modeling any pre-NContinue Reading[math]~10^{11}[/math], or 100 billion, is a number that floats around. Its usually uncited Carl Haub, or sometimes Tom Ramsey.  Yet Haubs number (108 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 52,000 years, and Ramseys (96 billion) is an estimate of the number of humans in the last 1,000,000 years. How can this be? And why do both estimates start with a population of 2, when thats not how populations work? Human population has never been 2.* To be fair, it made their math easier, and their philosophy too, on a half-serious experimental problem, but they took a pass on modeling any pre-Neolithic populations, on the grounds that it wouldnt make much of a difference anyway.   Even if they hadnt taken this pass, their numbers would be different. Both used benchmark years (e.g. 1750 had 795 million people, 1800 had 969 million people) and interpolate the growth in between by using the population growth equation [math]N(t)=N_0e^r^t[/math]. However, Haubs choice was to multiply the birth rate for each year times the population for each year and Ramseys was to use calculus to get the total number of person-years lived and divide by life expectancy.  Haubs number is much higher, even for just the last 2000 years (62 billion to Ramseys 48 billion, both updated to 2014), because it assumes a much greater number of infant deaths, especially in the early years. But this doesnt explain the long tail of the growth curve, not even visible on the chart below.  Wikimedia: El T (Public domain) Its not that there was no one around in the Paleolithic... the demographers have just taken a pass on an essential definition. What do we mean by human? Lets follow Ramseys method back to a few possibilities, all of them arbitrary of course. If we update to 2013, using a life expectancy of 60, Ramseys method gives 97.5 billion, but 19.6 billion of these are in the -1,000,000 to -9,000 period. Lets work with 97.5 billion - 19.6 billion = 77.9 billion since 9000 BCE, when agriculture was really starting to lift populations in small regions of the world.  If we start with human effective population size and accept a very high estimate of the Toba bottleneck [Ambrose-PDF], i.e. 10,000 reproductive females (Takahata et al., 1995; Klein et al., 1993;Erlich et al., 1996; Sherry et al., 1997). the total population in -71,000 could have been something like 30,000. According to Ramsey, the total person-years from A to B is [P(B)-P(A)](B-A)/{Ln[P(B)]-Ln[P(A)]}.  So ((7,500,000-30,000)(-9000-(-71000)))/{ln(7,500,000)-ln(30,000)} gives 83.9 billion person-years. Divide by a life expectancy of 25 and get 3.4 billion. So with an updated Ramsey, we get 81.3 billion since Toba (ca. 73,000 years ago), which works with the timescale of behavioral modernity, if you believe in that sort of thing. Does this include our Neanderthal and Denisovan ancestors, and other Homo lineages throughout Africa and Eurasia weve not yet encountered? It gets messy from here. Without doing Haubs interpolations, but instead allowing for what his birth rate method does: push the life expectancy down to ~16, we can add to Haubs 107 billion since 8,000 BCE. and 5.2 billion from then back to Toba. That gives 112 billion and counting. Yes, not too much of a difference from the handwave, but you can take this calculation back to human-chimpanzee divergence if youre willing to keep guessing on population sizes. Do we reach a trillion hominoids?The significance is that both numbers are enormous. They are enormous largely because most of the people who have ever lived never became adults. Haub answered the question to address the common saying (incorrect) that more people are alive today than have ever lived (we are at about 7% given his assumptions), but if were just counting adults over 15, there are 4.4 billion alive today, which might be a fifth of the adults whove lived in the last 2,000 years. This is not unexpected, as so many adults being alive is what has fueled our exponential growth! * The Young Earth Creationist number could still be about 100 billion, given this belief in an antediluvian population of 9 billion, with no pre-Noah checks on exponential growth. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('last')|","|pal:NRT('longer')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","bed"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"For a guy..Masturbate before having sex.Change positions VERY often.Rest and relax from penetrating a few times.Foreplay to waste time and turn her on.Using a condom helps, in all ways.Thinking of your ex (not really recommended, lessens enjoyment)Lightly pinch tip of the penis.Don’t overthink anything.Don’t be proud of who you’re with and how hot she is.Go slow not fast.Spend more time on oral sex first.Don’t think about how to not cum fast while you’re doing it.Hugs and cuddles.Small breaks and talks in between.Feedback, communication, slow talks.","or a guy..Masturbate before having sex.Change positions VERY often.Rest and relax from penetrating a few times.Foreplay to waste time and turn her on.Using a condom helps, in all ways.Thinking of your ex (not really recommended, lessens enjoyment)Lightly pinch tip of the penis.Don’t overthink anything.Don’t be proud of who you’re with and how hot she is.Go slow not fast.Spend more time on oral sex first.Don’t think about how to not cum fast while you’re doing it.Hugs and cuddles.Small breaks and talks in between.Feedback, communication, slow talks. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Foreplay: Sex is more than simply penetration. Foreplay can greatly increase the sexual experience in terms of both time and pleasure.Behavioural Techniques: Try the ‘squeeze technique’ (squeeze the penis tip near climax to prevent ejaculation), and the stop-start technique (reduce simulation when nearing climax).Mental Distraction: An old classic. During sex focus on your attention on something deeply unerotic such as multiplication tables. This can reduce the enjoyment of the act itself but is often effective in delaying ejaculation.Slow Down: Generally, the faster the man has sex, the quickContinue ReadingForeplay: Sex is more than simply penetration. Foreplay can greatly increase the sexual experience in terms of both time and pleasure.Behavioural Techniques: Try the ‘squeeze technique’ (squeeze the penis tip near climax to prevent ejaculation), and the stop-start technique (reduce simulation when nearing climax).Mental Distraction: An old classic. During sex focus on your attention on something deeply unerotic such as multiplication tables. This can reduce the enjoyment of the act itself but is often effective in delaying ejaculation.Slow Down: Generally, the faster the man has sex, the quicker he ejaculates. Rapid, hard thrusts result in a faster climax. A slower, more measured technique means the penis tip is less stimulated and ejaculation delayed. It also allows for greater control over ejaculation.Masturbate: Masturbation is perfectly healthy and natural. Masturbating regularly can help build up your stamina and thus enable you to last longer during sex. You can also practice behavioural techniques while masturbating so you are more comfortable using them during sex.Condoms: Condoms decrease sensitivity and therefore usually increase the time taken to ejaculate. They also have the added bonus of preventing sexually transmitted disease and unwanted pregnancies.Communication: Make sure you let your partner know what works for you and what doesn’t. An open attitude towards sex should also relax you more and lessen the nerves that cause a swift ejaculation.","oreplay: Sex is more than simply penetration. Foreplay can greatly increase the sexual experience in terms of both time and pleasure.Behavioural Techniques: Try the ‘squeeze technique’ (squeeze the penis tip near climax to prevent ejaculation), and the stop-start technique (reduce simulation when nearing climax).Mental Distraction: An old classic. During sex focus on your attention on something deeply unerotic such as multiplication tables. This can reduce the enjoyment of the act itself but is often effective in delaying ejaculation.Slow Down: Generally, the faster the man has sex, the quickContinue ReadingForeplay: Sex is more than simply penetration. Foreplay can greatly increase the sexual experience in terms of both time and pleasure.Behavioural Techniques: Try the ‘squeeze technique’ (squeeze the penis tip near climax to prevent ejaculation), and the stop-start technique (reduce simulation when nearing climax).Mental Distraction: An old classic. During sex focus on your attention on something deeply unerotic such as multiplication tables. This can reduce the enjoyment of the act itself but is often effective in delaying ejaculation.Slow Down: Generally, the faster the man has sex, the quicker he ejaculates. Rapid, hard thrusts result in a faster climax. A slower, more measured technique means the penis tip is less stimulated and ejaculation delayed. It also allows for greater control over ejaculation.Masturbate: Masturbation is perfectly healthy and natural. Masturbating regularly can help build up your stamina and thus enable you to last longer during sex. You can also practice behavioural techniques while masturbating so you are more comfortable using them during sex.Condoms: Condoms decrease sensitivity and therefore usually increase the time taken to ejaculate. They also have the added bonus of preventing sexually transmitted disease and unwanted pregnancies.Communication: Make sure you let your partner know what works for you and what doesn’t. An open attitude towards sex should also relax you more and lessen the nerves that cause a swift ejaculation. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Force him to masturbate a few before sex: If you know you’re going to be having sex, try to encourage him to masturbate a few hours beforehand. Ejaculating a short while before having partner sex makes it more difficult for a man to come quickly.Change position regularly: If you stick to the same kind of sex every time, your man’s brain (and body) gets to know the routine, making ejaculation quicker as he’s anticipating it. So try new positions and new locations.Edging: Edging is when you bring him close to orgasm, and then make him stop. Do nothing for about a minute, and let him to ‘relax’ aContinue ReadingForce him to masturbate a few before sex: If you know you’re going to be having sex, try to encourage him to masturbate a few hours beforehand. Ejaculating a short while before having partner sex makes it more difficult for a man to come quickly.Change position regularly: If you stick to the same kind of sex every time, your man’s brain (and body) gets to know the routine, making ejaculation quicker as he’s anticipating it. So try new positions and new locations.Edging: Edging is when you bring him close to orgasm, and then make him stop. Do nothing for about a minute, and let him to ‘relax’ a bit before continuing.Repeat: Once a man has ejaculated, it’s harder for him to come again too quickly. If you have sex and he orgasms too fast, give him half an hour and then go at it again.Use more thick condoms: You should be using condoms every time you have sex, not only to protect against unplanned pregnancy but also against STDs . If you are not using condoms already, start right now, even though many stable relationship couples are not using.","orce him to masturbate a few before sex: If you know you’re going to be having sex, try to encourage him to masturbate a few hours beforehand. Ejaculating a short while before having partner sex makes it more difficult for a man to come quickly.Change position regularly: If you stick to the same kind of sex every time, your man’s brain (and body) gets to know the routine, making ejaculation quicker as he’s anticipating it. So try new positions and new locations.Edging: Edging is when you bring him close to orgasm, and then make him stop. Do nothing for about a minute, and let him to ‘relax’ aContinue ReadingForce him to masturbate a few before sex: If you know you’re going to be having sex, try to encourage him to masturbate a few hours beforehand. Ejaculating a short while before having partner sex makes it more difficult for a man to come quickly.Change position regularly: If you stick to the same kind of sex every time, your man’s brain (and body) gets to know the routine, making ejaculation quicker as he’s anticipating it. So try new positions and new locations.Edging: Edging is when you bring him close to orgasm, and then make him stop. Do nothing for about a minute, and let him to ‘relax’ a bit before continuing.Repeat: Once a man has ejaculated, it’s harder for him to come again too quickly. If you have sex and he orgasms too fast, give him half an hour and then go at it again.Use more thick condoms: You should be using condoms every time you have sex, not only to protect against unplanned pregnancy but also against STDs . If you are not using condoms already, start right now, even though many stable relationship couples are not using. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The reason most men have premature ejaculation is because they are anxious and breathing during exercise is a best cure for premature ejaculation. One can get rid of anxiety by breathing heavily before and during sex. This is going to improve blood flow and help you to last long. Kegel exercises are another great option to get rid of premature ejaculation. You can do this when urinating to help you identify the pelvic muscle. Try to hold the urine for 5 seconds and then release it. This exercise should be repeated several times until the person learns to control the pelvic muscle during sex.","he reason most men have premature ejaculation is because they are anxious and breathing during exercise is a best cure for premature ejaculation. One can get rid of anxiety by breathing heavily before and during sex. This is going to improve blood flow and help you to last long. Kegel exercises are another great option to get rid of premature ejaculation. You can do this when urinating to help you identify the pelvic muscle. Try to hold the urine for 5 seconds and then release it. This exercise should be repeated several times until the person learns to control the pelvic muscle during sex. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Theres 2 methods Ive used when I was with someone that I thought was soooooooooo hot.I would cum 1–2 hrs ahead of time so Im reloaded but less sensitive.As your just starting to build up think about sensations to lower youre heart rate. Peace quiet Forrest or cold Iceland water.Some people like to think about turn offs like kankels but, that can cause other psychological issues.","heres 2 methods Ive used when I was with someone that I thought was soooooooooo hot.I would cum 1–2 hrs ahead of time so Im reloaded but less sensitive.As your just starting to build up think about sensations to lower youre heart rate. Peace quiet Forrest or cold Iceland water.Some people like to think about turn offs like kankels but, that can cause other psychological issues. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('draw')|","dog"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Drawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding activity. Here are some basic steps to follow:Start with a rough sketch of the dogs basic shape and posture. Use simple shapes such as circles and ovals to help you get the proportions right.Sketch in the dogs head and muzzle, paying attention to the shape of the nose and mouth.Draw the dogs eyes, ears, and eyebrows. These features can convey a lot of emotion, so experiment with different shapes and sizes to get the look you want.Sketch in the dogs body, legs, and tail. Pay attention to the breed youre drawing, as different breeds have different boContinue ReadingDrawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding activity. Here are some basic steps to follow:Start with a rough sketch of the dogs basic shape and posture. Use simple shapes such as circles and ovals to help you get the proportions right.Sketch in the dogs head and muzzle, paying attention to the shape of the nose and mouth.Draw the dogs eyes, ears, and eyebrows. These features can convey a lot of emotion, so experiment with different shapes and sizes to get the look you want.Sketch in the dogs body, legs, and tail. Pay attention to the breed youre drawing, as different breeds have different body shapes and proportions.Refine your sketch by adding more details, such as fur texture and shading. Dont be afraid to experiment with different techniques to get the look you want.Finally, erase any unnecessary lines and clean up your drawing. You can also add color if you wish.Remember, drawing takes practice, so dont get discouraged if your first attempts dont turn out the way you want them to. Keep practicing and have fun!","Drawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding activity. Here are some basic steps to follow:Start with a rough sketch of the dogs basic shape and posture. Use simple shapes such as circles and ovals to help you get the proportions right.Sketch in the dogs head and muzzle, paying attention to the shape of the nose and mouth.Draw the dogs eyes, ears, and eyebrows. These features can convey a lot of emotion, so experiment with different shapes and sizes to get the look you want.Sketch in the dogs body, legs, and tail. Pay attention to the breed youre drawing, as different breeds have different boContinue ReadingDrawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding activity. Here are some basic steps to follow:Start with a rough sketch of the dogs basic shape and posture. Use simple shapes such as circles and ovals to help you get the proportions right.Sketch in the dogs head and muzzle, paying attention to the shape of the nose and mouth.Draw the dogs eyes, ears, and eyebrows. These features can convey a lot of emotion, so experiment with different shapes and sizes to get the look you want.Sketch in the dogs body, legs, and tail. Pay attention to the breed youre drawing, as different breeds have different body shapes and proportions.Refine your sketch by adding more details, such as fur texture and shading. Dont be afraid to experiment with different techniques to get the look you want.Finally, erase any unnecessary lines and clean up your drawing. You can also add color if you wish.Remember, drawing takes practice, so dont get discouraged if your first attempts dont turn out the way you want them to. Keep practicing and have fun! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I’m not sure. But I think it might be similar to how you draw an owl. :)Continue ReadingI’m not sure. But I think it might be similar to how you draw an owl. :)","I’m not sure. But I think it might be similar to how you draw an owl. :)Continue ReadingI’m not sure. But I think it might be similar to how you draw an owl. :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","When you are mastering a drawing skill, it’s very important to have a reference and a step-by-step instruction. The illustrated how-to article may help. I suggest you take a look at this guide, it shows how to draw a pug in the very easy-to-use vector graphics design app:How to draw a dog in AmadineContinue ReadingWhen you are mastering a drawing skill, it’s very important to have a reference and a step-by-step instruction. The illustrated how-to article may help. I suggest you take a look at this guide, it shows how to draw a pug in the very easy-to-use vector graphics design app:How to draw a dog in Amadine","When you are mastering a drawing skill, it’s very important to have a reference and a step-by-step instruction. The illustrated how-to article may help. I suggest you take a look at this guide, it shows how to draw a pug in the very easy-to-use vector graphics design app:How to draw a dog in AmadineContinue ReadingWhen you are mastering a drawing skill, it’s very important to have a reference and a step-by-step instruction. The illustrated how-to article may help. I suggest you take a look at this guide, it shows how to draw a pug in the very easy-to-use vector graphics design app:How to draw a dog in Amadine |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Drawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding experience, even for beginners. Here is a step-by-step guide on how to draw a dog:Sketch the basic shape: Start by drawing a circle for the head, a long rectangle for the body, and two smaller rectangles for the legs.Add details to the head: Draw a smaller circle for the snout, and two triangles for the ears. Sketch the eyes, nose, and mouth in the appropriate places on the head.Add details to the body: Sketch the neck, chest, and belly. Add two more rectangles for the paws and details for the tail.Refine the lines: Erase any unnecessary lines and refinContinue ReadingDrawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding experience, even for beginners. Here is a step-by-step guide on how to draw a dog:Sketch the basic shape: Start by drawing a circle for the head, a long rectangle for the body, and two smaller rectangles for the legs.Add details to the head: Draw a smaller circle for the snout, and two triangles for the ears. Sketch the eyes, nose, and mouth in the appropriate places on the head.Add details to the body: Sketch the neck, chest, and belly. Add two more rectangles for the paws and details for the tail.Refine the lines: Erase any unnecessary lines and refine the lines you want to keep. Make sure the proportions are correct and the shapes look like a dog.Add shading: Use shading to add depth and dimension to your drawing. Shadows can be added to the areas that are furthest from the light source to give the drawing a sense of volume.Final touches: Add any final touches you want, such as fur texture or highlights.This is just a basic guide on how to draw a dog. Remember that practice makes perfect, so dont be discouraged if your first drawings dont come out exactly as you want them to. With time and practice, youll get better and better at drawing dogs and other animals. Enjoy! Eyeballus","Drawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding experience, even for beginners. Here is a step-by-step guide on how to draw a dog:Sketch the basic shape: Start by drawing a circle for the head, a long rectangle for the body, and two smaller rectangles for the legs.Add details to the head: Draw a smaller circle for the snout, and two triangles for the ears. Sketch the eyes, nose, and mouth in the appropriate places on the head.Add details to the body: Sketch the neck, chest, and belly. Add two more rectangles for the paws and details for the tail.Refine the lines: Erase any unnecessary lines and refinContinue ReadingDrawing a dog can be a fun and rewarding experience, even for beginners. Here is a step-by-step guide on how to draw a dog:Sketch the basic shape: Start by drawing a circle for the head, a long rectangle for the body, and two smaller rectangles for the legs.Add details to the head: Draw a smaller circle for the snout, and two triangles for the ears. Sketch the eyes, nose, and mouth in the appropriate places on the head.Add details to the body: Sketch the neck, chest, and belly. Add two more rectangles for the paws and details for the tail.Refine the lines: Erase any unnecessary lines and refine the lines you want to keep. Make sure the proportions are correct and the shapes look like a dog.Add shading: Use shading to add depth and dimension to your drawing. Shadows can be added to the areas that are furthest from the light source to give the drawing a sense of volume.Final touches: Add any final touches you want, such as fur texture or highlights.This is just a basic guide on how to draw a dog. Remember that practice makes perfect, so dont be discouraged if your first drawings dont come out exactly as you want them to. With time and practice, youll get better and better at drawing dogs and other animals. Enjoy! Eyeballus |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you want a visual, I would look up how to draw a dog on google images or youtube. Here’s an image I found on google images:Continue ReadingIf you want a visual, I would look up how to draw a dog on google images or youtube. Here’s an image I found on google images:","If you want a visual, I would look up how to draw a dog on google images or youtube. Here’s an image I found on google images:Continue ReadingIf you want a visual, I would look up how to draw a dog on google images or youtube. Here’s an image I found on google images: |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","acne"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrancContinue Reading1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrance free, oil free, water based, noncomedogenic moisturizers after you wash your face. 5. Applying aloevera gel, can further accelerate your journey to pimple free skin. 6. And stay hydrated! For, the path to a clear skin, goes through hydration. Hope this helped!","1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrancContinue Reading1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrance free, oil free, water based, noncomedogenic moisturizers after you wash your face. 5. Applying aloevera gel, can further accelerate your journey to pimple free skin. 6. And stay hydrated! For, the path to a clear skin, goes through hydration. Hope this helped! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! ThContinue Reading“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! The path to clear skin is often one of trial and error; you might need to try several acne remedies before you find the right treatment for the types of acne affecting your skin. Before trying acne medication, you may prefer to give different natural acne treatment options a chance. While theres no research supporting the effective use of natural acne treatments, here are two popular options that you may want to try. 1. Coconut Oil Coconut oil is all the rage, with uses ranging from hair conditioning to cooking. But some swear by it as a natural acne treatment. To use coconut oil as an acne treatment, you can include it as part of a healthy diet. Or, you can apply a very small amount and rub directly onto your skin after cleansing for an extra hydrating boost. 2. Tea Tree Oil Some people swear by the disinfecting power of tea tree oil for acne treatment. It can be applied either full strength or slightly diluted with water directly onto pimples. Use a small amount on a clean cotton swab or cotton pad and dab on the affected areas immediately after cleansing. Because tea tree oil can be drying, you might choose to use both tea tree oil and coconut oil for acne as part of your clear skin regimen. Disclaimer: While the home remedies may not be enough to give you clear skin, especially in those with complicated, inflammatory cystic acne. There are several acne medication options approved for use, but which one is best for you is a question for your dermatologist. Here are a few of the acne treatments you can consider:Acne Control Protocol (For Active Acne and Acne Pigmentation)A combination of personalized medical treatment and fortnightly cleanup sessions for 3 months takes care of active acne and reddish brown acne pigmentation. Severe acne may need a Comedone buster, like a ‘Carbon peel’ which is the latest addition to the treatment protocol.Acne Scar ProtocolWe have the world’s most effective Ultrapulse Total FX laser technology for acne scars. Unlike most skin treatments that require repeated appointments to achieve optimal results, the Ultrapulse Total FX laser treatment reduces the appearance of wrinkles, and scars. We understand how much acne can affect your life and especially your self-confidence. With our years of medical experience in treating a variety of skin problems, our super specialists create bespoke plans for all skin types. Hope you know where you can find a proven solution to your skin crisis!","“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! ThContinue Reading“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! The path to clear skin is often one of trial and error; you might need to try several acne remedies before you find the right treatment for the types of acne affecting your skin. Before trying acne medication, you may prefer to give different natural acne treatment options a chance. While theres no research supporting the effective use of natural acne treatments, here are two popular options that you may want to try. 1. Coconut Oil Coconut oil is all the rage, with uses ranging from hair conditioning to cooking. But some swear by it as a natural acne treatment. To use coconut oil as an acne treatment, you can include it as part of a healthy diet. Or, you can apply a very small amount and rub directly onto your skin after cleansing for an extra hydrating boost. 2. Tea Tree Oil Some people swear by the disinfecting power of tea tree oil for acne treatment. It can be applied either full strength or slightly diluted with water directly onto pimples. Use a small amount on a clean cotton swab or cotton pad and dab on the affected areas immediately after cleansing. Because tea tree oil can be drying, you might choose to use both tea tree oil and coconut oil for acne as part of your clear skin regimen. Disclaimer: While the home remedies may not be enough to give you clear skin, especially in those with complicated, inflammatory cystic acne. There are several acne medication options approved for use, but which one is best for you is a question for your dermatologist. Here are a few of the acne treatments you can consider:Acne Control Protocol (For Active Acne and Acne Pigmentation)A combination of personalized medical treatment and fortnightly cleanup sessions for 3 months takes care of active acne and reddish brown acne pigmentation. Severe acne may need a Comedone buster, like a ‘Carbon peel’ which is the latest addition to the treatment protocol.Acne Scar ProtocolWe have the world’s most effective Ultrapulse Total FX laser technology for acne scars. Unlike most skin treatments that require repeated appointments to achieve optimal results, the Ultrapulse Total FX laser treatment reduces the appearance of wrinkles, and scars. We understand how much acne can affect your life and especially your self-confidence. With our years of medical experience in treating a variety of skin problems, our super specialists create bespoke plans for all skin types. Hope you know where you can find a proven solution to your skin crisis! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('oz')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","gallon"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.Continue ReadingThere are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.","here are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon.Continue ReadingThere are 128 fluid ounces in a gallon. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ounce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Continue ReadingOunce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Imperial measurement systems. About how much goes into a small medicine cup. It is about 30 milliliters in metric volume (more precisely 29.5735297 milliliters) 8 fluid ounces = 1 Cup The Imperial Gallon (UK): The imperial gallon (UK) is a unit for estimating a volume of liquid or the size of a container for collecting liquid, not the mass of a liquid. Thus, a gallon of one of the liquid may have a separate mass from a gallon of another liquid. An imperial gallon of liquid is described as 4.54609 liters and thus keeps a space similar to almost 4,546 cubic centimeters (approximately a 16.5 cm cube). The U.S liquid gallon and the U.S. dry gallon are separate units determined by various medians. The U.S. liquid gallon is described as 231 cubic inches and equalizes to around 3.785 liters. One imperial gallon is equal to almost 1.2 U.S. liquid gallons. The U.S. dry gallon is a determination historically referred to as a volume of grain or other dry items. No longer regularly used, but most recently described as 268.8025 cubic inches. It depends on the system that you are working in. The most popular are the UK Imperial system and the which is a modification of the Imperial system. These were apparently the most popular due to the population, power, and influence of the UK and the US. They were not only though, but other systems also existed, and global standardization was only obtained with the metric SI system that rejected the past measures in support of a simple uniform base 10 system. Imperial Gallon (4.456 Liters) is 8 pints and a pint is 20 fl oz or 160 fl oz/Gallon (~28 ml / fl oz) US Gallon (3.785 Liters) is 8 US pints or 128 US fl oz/US Gallon (~30 ml / US fl oz) There is a discrepancy in the fluid determination between the UK and the US. US1 Gallon (US, Fluid) = 3.785 liters1 Liters = 33.814 ounces (US fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 3.785 x 33.814 = 128 ounces1 U.S. gallon is equal to 128 U.S. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.S. gallon is equal to 64 U.S fluid ounces.UK1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) = 4.54609 liters1 Liters = 35.1951 ounces (UK fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 4.54609 x 35.1951 = 160 ounces1 U.K. gallon is equal to 160 U.K. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.K. gallon is equal to 65 U.k. fluid ounces.So, the answer is:1 Gallon (US, Fluid) is equal to 128 Ounces (US, Fluid)1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) is equal to 160 Ounces (UK, Fluid)","Ounce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Continue ReadingOunce in British:A unit of weight equivalent to one-sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 gramsIt is Abbreviated as: ozA unit of weight equivalent to one-twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries’ pound; 1 ounce is similar to 480 grains or 31.103 gramsOunce in American:a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄16-pound avoirdupois or 16 drams (28.5498 grams)a unit of weight, similar to 1⁄12 pound troy or 20 pennyweights (31.1035 grams)a unit of weight, equivalent to 1⁄12-pound apothecaries’ weight or 8 drams (31.1035 grams)Fluid Ounce: A measure of volume in the US and Imperial measurement systems. About how much goes into a small medicine cup. It is about 30 milliliters in metric volume (more precisely 29.5735297 milliliters) 8 fluid ounces = 1 Cup The Imperial Gallon (UK): The imperial gallon (UK) is a unit for estimating a volume of liquid or the size of a container for collecting liquid, not the mass of a liquid. Thus, a gallon of one of the liquid may have a separate mass from a gallon of another liquid. An imperial gallon of liquid is described as 4.54609 liters and thus keeps a space similar to almost 4,546 cubic centimeters (approximately a 16.5 cm cube). The U.S liquid gallon and the U.S. dry gallon are separate units determined by various medians. The U.S. liquid gallon is described as 231 cubic inches and equalizes to around 3.785 liters. One imperial gallon is equal to almost 1.2 U.S. liquid gallons. The U.S. dry gallon is a determination historically referred to as a volume of grain or other dry items. No longer regularly used, but most recently described as 268.8025 cubic inches. It depends on the system that you are working in. The most popular are the UK Imperial system and the which is a modification of the Imperial system. These were apparently the most popular due to the population, power, and influence of the UK and the US. They were not only though, but other systems also existed, and global standardization was only obtained with the metric SI system that rejected the past measures in support of a simple uniform base 10 system. Imperial Gallon (4.456 Liters) is 8 pints and a pint is 20 fl oz or 160 fl oz/Gallon (~28 ml / fl oz) US Gallon (3.785 Liters) is 8 US pints or 128 US fl oz/US Gallon (~30 ml / US fl oz) There is a discrepancy in the fluid determination between the UK and the US. US1 Gallon (US, Fluid) = 3.785 liters1 Liters = 33.814 ounces (US fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 3.785 x 33.814 = 128 ounces1 U.S. gallon is equal to 128 U.S. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.S. gallon is equal to 64 U.S fluid ounces.UK1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) = 4.54609 liters1 Liters = 35.1951 ounces (UK fluid)1 fluid Gallon = 4.54609 x 35.1951 = 160 ounces1 U.K. gallon is equal to 160 U.K. fluid ounces.So 1/ 2 U.K. gallon is equal to 65 U.k. fluid ounces.So, the answer is:1 Gallon (US, Fluid) is equal to 128 Ounces (US, Fluid)1 Gallon (UK, Fluid) is equal to 160 Ounces (UK, Fluid) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","blackheads"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"I would prefer to go for home remedies as they are naturally effective with no side effects. Important Tip When you are using any of the home remedies, especially the scrubs, it is important you be careful and not scrub your skin excessively. Doing this will only damage your skin, cause rashes and scars, or aggravate the blackheads and infect them. FACE PACKS 1. Egg White You Will Need  * 1 egg white *Continue ReadingI would prefer to go for home remedies as they are naturally effective with no side effects. Important Tip When you are using any of the home remedies, especially the scrubs, it is important you be careful and not scrub your skin excessively. Doing this will only damage your skin, cause rashes and scars, or aggravate the blackheads and infect them. FACE PACKS 1. Egg White You Will Need  * 1 egg white * 1 teaspoon honey What You Have To Do 1. Mix the honey into the egg white and apply the mixture on your face.2. Let it dry. Wash off with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this once or twice a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin 2. Cinnamon You Will Need  * 1-2 tablespoons cinnamon powder * 1-2 tablespoons lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Make a thick paste by mixing honey with cinnamon powder.2. Apply it to your blackheads on the nose and other parts of the face.3. Leave it on for 20 minutes and then rinse. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this three to four times a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin, normal skin Caution Make sure you do a patch test before using spices on your face to prevent unwanted reactions. 3. Aloe Vera You Will Need Fresh aloe vera gel What You Have To Do 1. Extract fresh gel from an aloe vera leaf and apply this to your face.2. Leave it on for about 10 minutes and rinse with lukewarm water. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day for a clearer and smoother skin. Best Suited For All skin types 4. Turmeric And Mint Juice You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon turmeric powder * 2 tablespoons fresh mint juice What You Have To Do 1. Mix the turmeric with the mint juice to form a paste.2. Apply this paste on the affected areas and let it dry for 10-15 minutes.3. Rinse with lukewarm water. Do not forget to moisturize the area. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this once every week. Best Suited For All skin types 5. Fenugreek You Will Need  * 1 cup fresh fenugreek leaves * Water What You Have To Do 1. Grind the fenugreek leaves with enough water to make a smooth paste.2. Apply a thin layer of the paste on the affected areas and let it be.3. Rinse after 10 minutes with lukewarm water.4. Pat dry and apply moisturizer. You can also use fenugreek seeds instead of the fresh leaves to make the paste. How Often You Need To Do This Use this face pack once or twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types 6. Tomatoes You Will Need A small tomato What You Have To Do 1. Take the tomato, peel and mash it, and apply it over the blackheads before going to bed.2. Leave it overnight and then wash it with clean water in the morning. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every night before going to bed. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Dilute the juice with equal parts of water if you have sensitive skin. 7. Clay Mask You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon bentonite clay * Water What You Have To Do 1. Mix enough water into the clay powder to make a paste of medium consistency.2. Apply this all over your face to eliminate even those deeply embedded blackheads.3. Let the mask dry for a couple of minutes.4. Rinse it off with lukewarm water. Pat dry and moisturize as usual. How Often You Need To Do This Apply the mask once or twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types Caution If you have sensitive or dry skin, substitute water with raw milk. 8. Charcoal You Will Need  * 2 capsules of activated charcoal * ½ teaspoon bentonite clay * Water What You Have To Do 1. Carefully remove the activated charcoal from the capsules, add bentonite clay to it and mix well.2. Add enough water to make a paste of medium consistency.3. Apply this all over your face and let it dry.4. Rinse with warm water. Moisturize as usual. How Often You Need To Do This It is advised to apply this pack twice a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, acne-prone skin 9. Green Tea You Will Need  * 1 teaspoon dry green tea leaves * Water What You Have To Do 1. Mix the tea leaves with water to make a paste.2. Apply this paste on your face and leave it on for 15-20 minutes.3. Rinse with lukewarm water, pat dry and moisturize. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat once every week or as required. Best Suited For All skin types 10. Strawberry You Will Need  * 1 strawberry * 1/2 teaspoon honey * 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Crush the strawberry and add the honey and lemon juice to it.2. Mix well to make a coarse paste.3. Apply this paste on the skin and leave it for 15-20 minutes.4. Rinse with cold water. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this once in every few days. Best Suited For All skin types 11. Aspirin Mask You Will Need  * 3-4 aspirin tablets * Water * A few drops of almond oil or lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Crush the aspirin tablets and mix with water to make a paste.2. If you have dry skin, add a few drops of almond oil. For oily skin, replace the almond oil with a few drops of lemon juice.3. Apply this on the blackhead affected area and let it dry for 10-12 minutes.4. Rinse with water and moisturize the area. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this mask no more than twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Make sure you add almond oil or lemon juice based on your skin type. Using oil on oily skin can lead to acne and using lemon juice on dry skin can dry out the skin further. EXFOLIATORS AND SCRUBS 12. Baking Soda You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon baking soda * 2 tablespoons water What You Have To Do 1. Mix the baking soda and water to get a fine paste.2. Apply this paste on the affected areas.3. Leave it on for about 15-20 minutes before washing it off with lukewarm water. You can add some toothpaste or a few drops of lemon to the baking soda paste for added benefits. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day to get rid of blackheads quickly. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin 13. Honey You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon organic raw honey * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon sugar What You Have To Do 1. Mix the ingredients and rub the scrub gently on your skin.2. Leave it on for 10-15 minutes and rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Use this simple scrub/mask every day. Best Suited For All skin types 14. Milk You Will Need  * Raw milk * 1 teaspoon nutmeg powder (optional) What You Have To Do 1. Apply the milk to the blackhead affected area and gently scrub.2. Rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day till you get rid of the blackheads. Best Suited For Most skin types Caution If you are allergic to dairy and its products, do not use this remedy. 15. Lemon You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon yogurt * ½ tablespoon salt What You Have To Do 1. Mix the ingredients and apply the mixture to the affected area in a gentle circular motion.2. Leave it on for 10-12 minutes.3. Rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this every alternate day. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Be gentle while scrubbing the skin. 16. Exfoliating Wash You Will Need  * 2 tablespoons ground oatmeal * 2 tablespoons yogurt * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon olive oil What You Have To Do 1. Make a mixture of oatmeal and yogurt. Add lemon juice and olive oil. Mix well.2. Make a smooth paste and apply it on the face.3. Leave it for 10-15 minutes and then wash it off with cold water. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this exfoliating mask once in eve..."," would prefer to go for home remedies as they are naturally effective with no side effects. Important Tip When you are using any of the home remedies, especially the scrubs, it is important you be careful and not scrub your skin excessively. Doing this will only damage your skin, cause rashes and scars, or aggravate the blackheads and infect them. FACE PACKS 1. Egg White You Will Need  * 1 egg white *Continue ReadingI would prefer to go for home remedies as they are naturally effective with no side effects. Important Tip When you are using any of the home remedies, especially the scrubs, it is important you be careful and not scrub your skin excessively. Doing this will only damage your skin, cause rashes and scars, or aggravate the blackheads and infect them. FACE PACKS 1. Egg White You Will Need  * 1 egg white * 1 teaspoon honey What You Have To Do 1. Mix the honey into the egg white and apply the mixture on your face.2. Let it dry. Wash off with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this once or twice a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin 2. Cinnamon You Will Need  * 1-2 tablespoons cinnamon powder * 1-2 tablespoons lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Make a thick paste by mixing honey with cinnamon powder.2. Apply it to your blackheads on the nose and other parts of the face.3. Leave it on for 20 minutes and then rinse. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this three to four times a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin, normal skin Caution Make sure you do a patch test before using spices on your face to prevent unwanted reactions. 3. Aloe Vera You Will Need Fresh aloe vera gel What You Have To Do 1. Extract fresh gel from an aloe vera leaf and apply this to your face.2. Leave it on for about 10 minutes and rinse with lukewarm water. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day for a clearer and smoother skin. Best Suited For All skin types 4. Turmeric And Mint Juice You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon turmeric powder * 2 tablespoons fresh mint juice What You Have To Do 1. Mix the turmeric with the mint juice to form a paste.2. Apply this paste on the affected areas and let it dry for 10-15 minutes.3. Rinse with lukewarm water. Do not forget to moisturize the area. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this once every week. Best Suited For All skin types 5. Fenugreek You Will Need  * 1 cup fresh fenugreek leaves * Water What You Have To Do 1. Grind the fenugreek leaves with enough water to make a smooth paste.2. Apply a thin layer of the paste on the affected areas and let it be.3. Rinse after 10 minutes with lukewarm water.4. Pat dry and apply moisturizer. You can also use fenugreek seeds instead of the fresh leaves to make the paste. How Often You Need To Do This Use this face pack once or twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types 6. Tomatoes You Will Need A small tomato What You Have To Do 1. Take the tomato, peel and mash it, and apply it over the blackheads before going to bed.2. Leave it overnight and then wash it with clean water in the morning. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every night before going to bed. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Dilute the juice with equal parts of water if you have sensitive skin. 7. Clay Mask You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon bentonite clay * Water What You Have To Do 1. Mix enough water into the clay powder to make a paste of medium consistency.2. Apply this all over your face to eliminate even those deeply embedded blackheads.3. Let the mask dry for a couple of minutes.4. Rinse it off with lukewarm water. Pat dry and moisturize as usual. How Often You Need To Do This Apply the mask once or twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types Caution If you have sensitive or dry skin, substitute water with raw milk. 8. Charcoal You Will Need  * 2 capsules of activated charcoal * ½ teaspoon bentonite clay * Water What You Have To Do 1. Carefully remove the activated charcoal from the capsules, add bentonite clay to it and mix well.2. Add enough water to make a paste of medium consistency.3. Apply this all over your face and let it dry.4. Rinse with warm water. Moisturize as usual. How Often You Need To Do This It is advised to apply this pack twice a week. Best Suited For Oily skin, acne-prone skin 9. Green Tea You Will Need  * 1 teaspoon dry green tea leaves * Water What You Have To Do 1. Mix the tea leaves with water to make a paste.2. Apply this paste on your face and leave it on for 15-20 minutes.3. Rinse with lukewarm water, pat dry and moisturize. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat once every week or as required. Best Suited For All skin types 10. Strawberry You Will Need  * 1 strawberry * 1/2 teaspoon honey * 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Crush the strawberry and add the honey and lemon juice to it.2. Mix well to make a coarse paste.3. Apply this paste on the skin and leave it for 15-20 minutes.4. Rinse with cold water. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this once in every few days. Best Suited For All skin types 11. Aspirin Mask You Will Need  * 3-4 aspirin tablets * Water * A few drops of almond oil or lemon juice What You Have To Do 1. Crush the aspirin tablets and mix with water to make a paste.2. If you have dry skin, add a few drops of almond oil. For oily skin, replace the almond oil with a few drops of lemon juice.3. Apply this on the blackhead affected area and let it dry for 10-12 minutes.4. Rinse with water and moisturize the area. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this mask no more than twice a week. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Make sure you add almond oil or lemon juice based on your skin type. Using oil on oily skin can lead to acne and using lemon juice on dry skin can dry out the skin further. EXFOLIATORS AND SCRUBS 12. Baking Soda You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon baking soda * 2 tablespoons water What You Have To Do 1. Mix the baking soda and water to get a fine paste.2. Apply this paste on the affected areas.3. Leave it on for about 15-20 minutes before washing it off with lukewarm water. You can add some toothpaste or a few drops of lemon to the baking soda paste for added benefits. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day to get rid of blackheads quickly. Best Suited For Oily skin, combination skin 13. Honey You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon organic raw honey * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon sugar What You Have To Do 1. Mix the ingredients and rub the scrub gently on your skin.2. Leave it on for 10-15 minutes and rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Use this simple scrub/mask every day. Best Suited For All skin types 14. Milk You Will Need  * Raw milk * 1 teaspoon nutmeg powder (optional) What You Have To Do 1. Apply the milk to the blackhead affected area and gently scrub.2. Rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Do this every day till you get rid of the blackheads. Best Suited For Most skin types Caution If you are allergic to dairy and its products, do not use this remedy. 15. Lemon You Will Need  * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon yogurt * ½ tablespoon salt What You Have To Do 1. Mix the ingredients and apply the mixture to the affected area in a gentle circular motion.2. Leave it on for 10-12 minutes.3. Rinse with warm water. How Often You Need To Do This Repeat this every alternate day. Best Suited For All skin types Caution Be gentle while scrubbing the skin. 16. Exfoliating Wash You Will Need  * 2 tablespoons ground oatmeal * 2 tablespoons yogurt * 1 tablespoon lemon juice * 1 tablespoon olive oil What You Have To Do 1. Make a mixture of oatmeal and yogurt. Add lemon juice and olive oil. Mix well.2. Make a smooth paste and apply it on the face.3. Leave it for 10-15 minutes and then wash it off with cold water. How Often You Need To Do This Apply this exfoliating mask once in eve... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Please note that it’s impossible to eliminate blackheads forever. Blackheads are the result of dead skin cells, oil and bacteria building up and clogging the pores; since we all have dead cells, oil and bacteria on our skin -it’s bound to happen. That said, in order to get rid of blackheads you’d need to book a mechanical extraction with a professional aesthetician. I wouldn’t advise you to “do it yourself” because let’s be honest, most people just end up butchering their skin. If you’re thinking, what about prevention? What can be done in order to get LESS blackheads? I have got you covered. YouContinue ReadingPlease note that it’s impossible to eliminate blackheads forever. Blackheads are the result of dead skin cells, oil and bacteria building up and clogging the pores; since we all have dead cells, oil and bacteria on our skin -it’s bound to happen. That said, in order to get rid of blackheads you’d need to book a mechanical extraction with a professional aesthetician. I wouldn’t advise you to “do it yourself” because let’s be honest, most people just end up butchering their skin. If you’re thinking, what about prevention? What can be done in order to get LESS blackheads? I have got you covered. You can prevent blackheads by using skincare products formulated with salicylic acid, glycolic acid, and dioic acid. Here’s how they work. Salycilic acid breaks down the materials that clog the pores. You might have heard of this ingredient as the #1 ally for those who have an oily skin type. The product must be leave-on and applied every single day. Remember to limit the application on the nose or wherever you get the comedones! Glycolic acid removes the skin’s top layer, unclogging follicles. While this might sound scary, the top layer of the skin is actually made of dead skin cells. You can see this answer for more on the structure of the epidermis:You should use your glycolic acid exfoliant three times a week. If your skin can’t tolerate glycolic acid you can use another AHA. Dioic acid reduces sebum. This ingredient is not quite as popular or well known as the two that i mentioned before. If you’ve never heard of it before, I am glad I was the one to introduce it to you. (It’s a pretty good hyperpigmentation ingredient, too.) Finally, in order to reduce the amount of blackheads you get remember to wash your face with a cleanser every day, possibly when you wake up and when you go to sleep. Don’t sleep on a dirty pillow cover and make sure you always have a clean face mask to wear before you go out. Hope this helps!","Please note that it’s impossible to eliminate blackheads forever. Blackheads are the result of dead skin cells, oil and bacteria building up and clogging the pores; since we all have dead cells, oil and bacteria on our skin -it’s bound to happen. That said, in order to get rid of blackheads you’d need to book a mechanical extraction with a professional aesthetician. I wouldn’t advise you to “do it yourself” because let’s be honest, most people just end up butchering their skin. If you’re thinking, what about prevention? What can be done in order to get LESS blackheads? I have got you covered. YouContinue ReadingPlease note that it’s impossible to eliminate blackheads forever. Blackheads are the result of dead skin cells, oil and bacteria building up and clogging the pores; since we all have dead cells, oil and bacteria on our skin -it’s bound to happen. That said, in order to get rid of blackheads you’d need to book a mechanical extraction with a professional aesthetician. I wouldn’t advise you to “do it yourself” because let’s be honest, most people just end up butchering their skin. If you’re thinking, what about prevention? What can be done in order to get LESS blackheads? I have got you covered. You can prevent blackheads by using skincare products formulated with salicylic acid, glycolic acid, and dioic acid. Here’s how they work. Salycilic acid breaks down the materials that clog the pores. You might have heard of this ingredient as the #1 ally for those who have an oily skin type. The product must be leave-on and applied every single day. Remember to limit the application on the nose or wherever you get the comedones! Glycolic acid removes the skin’s top layer, unclogging follicles. While this might sound scary, the top layer of the skin is actually made of dead skin cells. You can see this answer for more on the structure of the epidermis:You should use your glycolic acid exfoliant three times a week. If your skin can’t tolerate glycolic acid you can use another AHA. Dioic acid reduces sebum. This ingredient is not quite as popular or well known as the two that i mentioned before. If you’ve never heard of it before, I am glad I was the one to introduce it to you. (It’s a pretty good hyperpigmentation ingredient, too.) Finally, in order to reduce the amount of blackheads you get remember to wash your face with a cleanser every day, possibly when you wake up and when you go to sleep. Don’t sleep on a dirty pillow cover and make sure you always have a clean face mask to wear before you go out. Hope this helps! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I have recently found a very simple method to remove blackheads without much effort. Its a simple 2 step process and does not require too much scrubbing. Here is what you need to doGive steam to your face , specifically nose area.After about 3–5 mins, use your regular scrub and exfoliate your nose gently.And you are good to go!How does this work ? Steaming opens skin pores. Thus, blackhead gets easily removed once scrubbed gently. If you do not have a facial scrub, you may even use a loofa to remove blackheads. If this was helpful please follow and upvote","I have recently found a very simple method to remove blackheads without much effort. Its a simple 2 step process and does not require too much scrubbing. Here is what you need to doGive steam to your face , specifically nose area.After about 3–5 mins, use your regular scrub and exfoliate your nose gently.And you are good to go!How does this work ? Steaming opens skin pores. Thus, blackhead gets easily removed once scrubbed gently. If you do not have a facial scrub, you may even use a loofa to remove blackheads. If this was helpful please follow and upvote |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","quin"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Santa Barbara Style Quinoa 1 cup quinoa2 cups water1 large chunk of peeled ginger, cut into pieces1/2 cup shredded carrots1/2 a ripe avocado1 tsp tamari Rinse &amp; boil the quinoa with the ginger (cut into small pieces if you want to eat the ginger root, or into medium pieces if you want to be able to avoid chewing on them). Simmer until water stops bubbling. Remove from heat and mix together in a large bowl with avocado chunks, raw carrot, and tamari. Serve like that as a side dish or with a salad on top of it as a meal.","anta Barbara Style Quinoa 1 cup quinoa2 cups water1 large chunk of peeled ginger, cut into pieces1/2 cup shredded carrots1/2 a ripe avocado1 tsp tamari Rinse &amp; boil the quinoa with the ginger (cut into small pieces if you want to eat the ginger root, or into medium pieces if you want to be able to avoid chewing on them). Simmer until water stops bubbling. Remove from heat and mix together in a large bowl with avocado chunks, raw carrot, and tamari. Serve like that as a side dish or with a salad on top of it as a meal. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('calories')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","bana"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Banana trees bloom once a year and harvest bananas once a year. Generally, a banana tree can harvest more than one hundred bananas.Bananas are not high in calories. A medium-sized banana weighs about 100 grams and contains about 90 calories. Bananas are a bit sweet, and one banana contains about 15 grams of sugar. Bananas are rich in protein, fat, carbohydrates, dietary fiber, pantothenic acid, carotene, thiamine, niacin, vitamin C, vitamin E, B vitamins and minerals such as potassium, calcium, phosphorus, and iron. Bananas contain a lot of pantothenic acid. Pantothenic acid is a kind of happineContinue ReadingBanana trees bloom once a year and harvest bananas once a year. Generally, a banana tree can harvest more than one hundred bananas.Bananas are not high in calories. A medium-sized banana weighs about 100 grams and contains about 90 calories. Bananas are a bit sweet, and one banana contains about 15 grams of sugar. Bananas are rich in protein, fat, carbohydrates, dietary fiber, pantothenic acid, carotene, thiamine, niacin, vitamin C, vitamin E, B vitamins and minerals such as potassium, calcium, phosphorus, and iron. Bananas contain a lot of pantothenic acid. Pantothenic acid is a kind of happiness hormone in the body, which can effectively relieve mental stress, eliminate mental tension, and make people feel happy and joyful. Therefore, bananas are known as happy fruit. In addition, bananas are the fruit with the highest potassium content. A medium-sized banana contains 300 mg to 400 mg of potassium. Eating bananas is a simple and effective way to supplement potassium. Potassium is an indispensable trace element for the body. Its main role is to maintain the bodys electrolyte balance, participate in the bodys energy metabolism, maintain muscle tissue function, prevent metabolic diseases, and so on.","anana trees bloom once a year and harvest bananas once a year. Generally, a banana tree can harvest more than one hundred bananas.Bananas are not high in calories. A medium-sized banana weighs about 100 grams and contains about 90 calories. Bananas are a bit sweet, and one banana contains about 15 grams of sugar. Bananas are rich in protein, fat, carbohydrates, dietary fiber, pantothenic acid, carotene, thiamine, niacin, vitamin C, vitamin E, B vitamins and minerals such as potassium, calcium, phosphorus, and iron. Bananas contain a lot of pantothenic acid. Pantothenic acid is a kind of happineContinue ReadingBanana trees bloom once a year and harvest bananas once a year. Generally, a banana tree can harvest more than one hundred bananas.Bananas are not high in calories. A medium-sized banana weighs about 100 grams and contains about 90 calories. Bananas are a bit sweet, and one banana contains about 15 grams of sugar. Bananas are rich in protein, fat, carbohydrates, dietary fiber, pantothenic acid, carotene, thiamine, niacin, vitamin C, vitamin E, B vitamins and minerals such as potassium, calcium, phosphorus, and iron. Bananas contain a lot of pantothenic acid. Pantothenic acid is a kind of happiness hormone in the body, which can effectively relieve mental stress, eliminate mental tension, and make people feel happy and joyful. Therefore, bananas are known as happy fruit. In addition, bananas are the fruit with the highest potassium content. A medium-sized banana contains 300 mg to 400 mg of potassium. Eating bananas is a simple and effective way to supplement potassium. Potassium is an indispensable trace element for the body. Its main role is to maintain the bodys electrolyte balance, participate in the bodys energy metabolism, maintain muscle tissue function, prevent metabolic diseases, and so on. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A medium-sized banana typically contains around 105-120 calories. The exact number of calories can vary slightly depending on the size of the banana.Bananas are a great source of natural energy and contain a variety of nutrients, including potassium, vitamin C, and dietary fiber. They are also a popular choice for people who are looking for a healthy snack or ingredient for smoothies and other recipes. If you are counting calories, its important to keep in mind that the calorie content of your banana may vary depending on how its prepared or what other foods you eat with it. However, in generalContinue ReadingA medium-sized banana typically contains around 105-120 calories. The exact number of calories can vary slightly depending on the size of the banana.Bananas are a great source of natural energy and contain a variety of nutrients, including potassium, vitamin C, and dietary fiber. They are also a popular choice for people who are looking for a healthy snack or ingredient for smoothies and other recipes. If you are counting calories, its important to keep in mind that the calorie content of your banana may vary depending on how its prepared or what other foods you eat with it. However, in general, a medium banana can be a nutritious and satisfying part of a balanced diet."," medium-sized banana typically contains around 105-120 calories. The exact number of calories can vary slightly depending on the size of the banana.Bananas are a great source of natural energy and contain a variety of nutrients, including potassium, vitamin C, and dietary fiber. They are also a popular choice for people who are looking for a healthy snack or ingredient for smoothies and other recipes. If you are counting calories, its important to keep in mind that the calorie content of your banana may vary depending on how its prepared or what other foods you eat with it. However, in generalContinue ReadingA medium-sized banana typically contains around 105-120 calories. The exact number of calories can vary slightly depending on the size of the banana.Bananas are a great source of natural energy and contain a variety of nutrients, including potassium, vitamin C, and dietary fiber. They are also a popular choice for people who are looking for a healthy snack or ingredient for smoothies and other recipes. If you are counting calories, its important to keep in mind that the calorie content of your banana may vary depending on how its prepared or what other foods you eat with it. However, in general, a medium banana can be a nutritious and satisfying part of a balanced diet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","These are some fruit and calories it’s help you to make your perfect diet plan and follow stay healthy...","hese are some fruit and calories it’s help you to make your perfect diet plan and follow stay healthy... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","bana"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"There is no specific best time to eat a banana. They can be enjoyed as a snack at any time of day, including in the morning, as a quick breakfast option, or as a pre- or post-workout fuel. Bananas are a good source of nutrients and can be a healthy choice as part of a well-balanced diet. They contain several essential vitamins and minerals, including potassium, which is important for proper muscle function and maintaining healthy blood pressure. They also provide dietary fiber, which can help support healthy digestion. Some people find that eating a banana in the morning can help provide a sContinue ReadingThere is no specific best time to eat a banana. They can be enjoyed as a snack at any time of day, including in the morning, as a quick breakfast option, or as a pre- or post-workout fuel. Bananas are a good source of nutrients and can be a healthy choice as part of a well-balanced diet. They contain several essential vitamins and minerals, including potassium, which is important for proper muscle function and maintaining healthy blood pressure. They also provide dietary fiber, which can help support healthy digestion. Some people find that eating a banana in the morning can help provide a sustained energy boost throughout the morning. Others may prefer to eat a banana as a snack in the afternoon to hold them over until dinner, or as a post-workout recovery food. Ultimately, the best time to eat a banana is whenever it fits into your personal schedule and dietary needs.","here is no specific best time to eat a banana. They can be enjoyed as a snack at any time of day, including in the morning, as a quick breakfast option, or as a pre- or post-workout fuel. Bananas are a good source of nutrients and can be a healthy choice as part of a well-balanced diet. They contain several essential vitamins and minerals, including potassium, which is important for proper muscle function and maintaining healthy blood pressure. They also provide dietary fiber, which can help support healthy digestion. Some people find that eating a banana in the morning can help provide a sContinue ReadingThere is no specific best time to eat a banana. They can be enjoyed as a snack at any time of day, including in the morning, as a quick breakfast option, or as a pre- or post-workout fuel. Bananas are a good source of nutrients and can be a healthy choice as part of a well-balanced diet. They contain several essential vitamins and minerals, including potassium, which is important for proper muscle function and maintaining healthy blood pressure. They also provide dietary fiber, which can help support healthy digestion. Some people find that eating a banana in the morning can help provide a sustained energy boost throughout the morning. Others may prefer to eat a banana as a snack in the afternoon to hold them over until dinner, or as a post-workout recovery food. Ultimately, the best time to eat a banana is whenever it fits into your personal schedule and dietary needs. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of when is the best time to eat a banana because it largely depends on personal preference and dietary needs. Here are a few things to consider:1. Ripeness: Bananas become sweeter and easier to digest as they ripen, so if you prefer a sweeter flavor and a softer texture, wait until the banana has fully ripened (when the skin is yellow with brown spots). However, if you prefer a firmer texture and a less sweet flavor, you can eat it when the skin is still green.2. Timing: Bananas can be a great snack at any time of the day, but some people fiContinue ReadingThere is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of when is the best time to eat a banana because it largely depends on personal preference and dietary needs. Here are a few things to consider:1. Ripeness: Bananas become sweeter and easier to digest as they ripen, so if you prefer a sweeter flavor and a softer texture, wait until the banana has fully ripened (when the skin is yellow with brown spots). However, if you prefer a firmer texture and a less sweet flavor, you can eat it when the skin is still green.2. Timing: Bananas can be a great snack at any time of the day, but some people find that they provide a good burst of energy in the morning, while others prefer to eat them as a midday snack or after a workout. 3. Dietary needs: Bananas are a good source of carbohydrates, potassium, and fiber, so they can be a good option for athletes or anyone looking for a quick energy boost. However, if you are on a low-carbohydrate or low-sugar diet, you may want to limit your banana intake or eat them in moderation. Ultimately, the best time to eat a banana is whenever it fits into your dietary needs and personal preferences.","here is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of when is the best time to eat a banana because it largely depends on personal preference and dietary needs. Here are a few things to consider:1. Ripeness: Bananas become sweeter and easier to digest as they ripen, so if you prefer a sweeter flavor and a softer texture, wait until the banana has fully ripened (when the skin is yellow with brown spots). However, if you prefer a firmer texture and a less sweet flavor, you can eat it when the skin is still green.2. Timing: Bananas can be a great snack at any time of the day, but some people fiContinue ReadingThere is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of when is the best time to eat a banana because it largely depends on personal preference and dietary needs. Here are a few things to consider:1. Ripeness: Bananas become sweeter and easier to digest as they ripen, so if you prefer a sweeter flavor and a softer texture, wait until the banana has fully ripened (when the skin is yellow with brown spots). However, if you prefer a firmer texture and a less sweet flavor, you can eat it when the skin is still green.2. Timing: Bananas can be a great snack at any time of the day, but some people find that they provide a good burst of energy in the morning, while others prefer to eat them as a midday snack or after a workout. 3. Dietary needs: Bananas are a good source of carbohydrates, potassium, and fiber, so they can be a good option for athletes or anyone looking for a quick energy boost. However, if you are on a low-carbohydrate or low-sugar diet, you may want to limit your banana intake or eat them in moderation. Ultimately, the best time to eat a banana is whenever it fits into your dietary needs and personal preferences. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Bananas are a popular fruit enjoyed by many people around the world due to their delicious taste and numerous health benefits. But have you ever wondered when the best time to eat a banana is? In this article, we will discuss the ideal time to eat a banana and the benefits of doing so.Introduction Bananas are a versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. They are packed with essential nutrients such as potassium, fiber, and vitamin C, which makes them an excellent addition to any diet. However, eating a banana at the wrong time can have adverse effects on your health. When is the bContinue ReadingBananas are a popular fruit enjoyed by many people around the world due to their delicious taste and numerous health benefits. But have you ever wondered when the best time to eat a banana is? In this article, we will discuss the ideal time to eat a banana and the benefits of doing so.Introduction Bananas are a versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. They are packed with essential nutrients such as potassium, fiber, and vitamin C, which makes them an excellent addition to any diet. However, eating a banana at the wrong time can have adverse effects on your health. When is the best time to eat a banana? The best time to eat a banana is in the morning, on an empty stomach. This is because bananas contain high levels of magnesium and potassium, which are essential for the proper functioning of your muscles and nerves. Eating a banana in the morning helps to replenish these essential nutrients, which may have been depleted during the night. Can you eat a banana before bed? Many people often wonder if it is safe to eat a banana before going to bed. The answer is yes. Bananas contain an amino acid called tryptophan, which is known to promote relaxation and improve sleep quality. Additionally, bananas are a good source of magnesium, which can also help to relax the muscles and promote sleep. However, it is essential to note that eating a banana before bed may not be suitable for everyone, especially those who have acid reflux or are prone to heartburn. This is because bananas are acidic and can cause discomfort in some people. If you have any digestive issues, it is best to avoid eating a banana before bed. Can you eat a banana after a workout? Yes, you can eat a banana after a workout. Bananas are an excellent source of carbohydrates, which your body needs after a workout to replenish its glycogen stores. Additionally, bananas contain potassium, which can help to prevent muscle cramps and aid in muscle recovery. Conclusion In conclusion, bananas are a healthy and versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. However, eating them at the right time can maximize their health benefits. The best time to eat a banana is in the morning, on an empty stomach, as it helps to replenish essential nutrients in your body. You can also eat a banana before bed to promote relaxation and improve sleep quality. Lastly, bananas are an excellent post-workout snack as they help to replenish glycogen stores and aid in muscle recovery. Overall, incorporating bananas into your diet is a great way to improve your overall health and well-being. Not only are they delicious and easy to eat, but they also provide numerous health benefits. From aiding in digestion to promoting heart health, bananas are truly a superfood. When it comes to choosing the best bananas, opt for ripe bananas with brown spots on the skin. These bananas are higher in antioxidants and easier to digest. Additionally, bananas are a great addition to smoothies, oatmeal, and even baked goods. So dont be afraid to get creative and experiment with different ways to enjoy this delicious fruit. In summary, the best time to eat a banana is in the morning on an empty stomach. However, you can also enjoy them before bed or after a workout for maximum health benefits. So next time youre looking for a healthy snack, reach for a banana and enjoy all the amazing benefits it has to offer! Hope you love this answer!👍if yes please HIT Upvote to this answer. ✍Plese join our free space Healthy Ideas - Health Wellness Fitness to know more about Top Health &amp; Wellness Ideas For All. Thanks 🙏","Bananas are a popular fruit enjoyed by many people around the world due to their delicious taste and numerous health benefits. But have you ever wondered when the best time to eat a banana is? In this article, we will discuss the ideal time to eat a banana and the benefits of doing so.Introduction Bananas are a versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. They are packed with essential nutrients such as potassium, fiber, and vitamin C, which makes them an excellent addition to any diet. However, eating a banana at the wrong time can have adverse effects on your health. When is the bContinue ReadingBananas are a popular fruit enjoyed by many people around the world due to their delicious taste and numerous health benefits. But have you ever wondered when the best time to eat a banana is? In this article, we will discuss the ideal time to eat a banana and the benefits of doing so.Introduction Bananas are a versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. They are packed with essential nutrients such as potassium, fiber, and vitamin C, which makes them an excellent addition to any diet. However, eating a banana at the wrong time can have adverse effects on your health. When is the best time to eat a banana? The best time to eat a banana is in the morning, on an empty stomach. This is because bananas contain high levels of magnesium and potassium, which are essential for the proper functioning of your muscles and nerves. Eating a banana in the morning helps to replenish these essential nutrients, which may have been depleted during the night. Can you eat a banana before bed? Many people often wonder if it is safe to eat a banana before going to bed. The answer is yes. Bananas contain an amino acid called tryptophan, which is known to promote relaxation and improve sleep quality. Additionally, bananas are a good source of magnesium, which can also help to relax the muscles and promote sleep. However, it is essential to note that eating a banana before bed may not be suitable for everyone, especially those who have acid reflux or are prone to heartburn. This is because bananas are acidic and can cause discomfort in some people. If you have any digestive issues, it is best to avoid eating a banana before bed. Can you eat a banana after a workout? Yes, you can eat a banana after a workout. Bananas are an excellent source of carbohydrates, which your body needs after a workout to replenish its glycogen stores. Additionally, bananas contain potassium, which can help to prevent muscle cramps and aid in muscle recovery. Conclusion In conclusion, bananas are a healthy and versatile fruit that can be eaten at any time of the day. However, eating them at the right time can maximize their health benefits. The best time to eat a banana is in the morning, on an empty stomach, as it helps to replenish essential nutrients in your body. You can also eat a banana before bed to promote relaxation and improve sleep quality. Lastly, bananas are an excellent post-workout snack as they help to replenish glycogen stores and aid in muscle recovery. Overall, incorporating bananas into your diet is a great way to improve your overall health and well-being. Not only are they delicious and easy to eat, but they also provide numerous health benefits. From aiding in digestion to promoting heart health, bananas are truly a superfood. When it comes to choosing the best bananas, opt for ripe bananas with brown spots on the skin. These bananas are higher in antioxidants and easier to digest. Additionally, bananas are a great addition to smoothies, oatmeal, and even baked goods. So dont be afraid to get creative and experiment with different ways to enjoy this delicious fruit. In summary, the best time to eat a banana is in the morning on an empty stomach. However, you can also enjoy them before bed or after a workout for maximum health benefits. So next time youre looking for a healthy snack, reach for a banana and enjoy all the amazing benefits it has to offer! Hope you love this answer!👍if yes please HIT Upvote to this answer. ✍Plese join our free space Healthy Ideas - Health Wellness Fitness to know more about Top Health &amp; Wellness Ideas For All. Thanks 🙏 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('draw')|","anime"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"So from what Ive gathered, youre basically asking how to learn to draw, specifically with an emphasis in anime. An awesome goal, but be warned, this is not a simple question to answer. Be prepared to scroll down. Ill also be kind and provide a tl;dr at the end for those short on time. Lets start with mindset. Perhaps an unusual place to start, but Ive found the things Im about to list here to be incredibly important when learning to draw, especially when youre first starting out. So firstly..Draw A LOT. Draw feverishly and draw often. If you have a spare moment, sketch something in thContinue ReadingSo from what Ive gathered, youre basically asking how to learn to draw, specifically with an emphasis in anime. An awesome goal, but be warned, this is not a simple question to answer. Be prepared to scroll down. Ill also be kind and provide a tl;dr at the end for those short on time. Lets start with mindset. Perhaps an unusual place to start, but Ive found the things Im about to list here to be incredibly important when learning to draw, especially when youre first starting out. So firstly..Draw A LOT. Draw feverishly and draw often. If you have a spare moment, sketch something in the same room as you. I dont know if youre working or a student, but if you have a lunch break or something similar, doodle while you eat. I cant stress enough how significant persistence is, regardless of the quality of the drawings. Which leads me to...Dont worry about quality. A fascinating aspect of art that Ive noticed is that it doesnt take an artist to notice something off in a piece of artwork. Because youre just starting off, you will NOT like a lot of the stuff you draw. A lot of people I know gave up learning to draw early because they couldnt stand how nothing ever came out right. Let me just tell you as an artist of 10+ years now, we ALL started that way. It doesnt have to be good, you just need to learn something from it. So lastly on the topic of mindset...Be persistent. You mentioned you had a ton of paper and strong willpower. Good. Youll need both. And Im willing to bet youll need even more paper than you have. Practice daily. Especially practice drawing the things youre interested in drawing. In your case, draw people as you see them in real life. I know you want to draw anime style, but trust me, learning the basic structure of the human face will still translate into an exaggerated style like anime. Yeesh, this is already a long answer. But I suppose youre not obligated to read it all, so lets continue by going over the most basic of drawing techniques. All drawing, regardless of style are rooted in some pretty fundamental principles. These are the skill sets you will need to acquire no matter what discipline youre approaching, I could teach a 6 hour course on these, but Ill just do what I consider the two most important here: Line. When I say line here, I mean two things: quality of line, and just learning to draw good lines. Ive met many people who, while learning to draw, make these little chicken scratch lines. Compare the first circle to the second one:See how lousy that first one looks? And yet a ton of beginning artists think they can be more precise by drawing tiny little line segments. It might feel awkward at first, but learn to be confident in your lines, and keep the pencil moving.Shape. Youve probably heard this before, but everything is composed of basic shapes at their core. They might not be all regular shapes, but if you can create an outline of your drawing using simple shapes before getting into the details of any one part, youll have an easier time getting the overall look correctly proportioned.This isnt a perfect drawing, but its a good starting point. From here you can easily make changes to refine and add detail to your drawing.Whoo boy, almost done. You must be dedicated if youve read this far. Because youre going for an anime style, youre in luck. There are TONS of great resources out there that teach the Japanese anime/manga style. My personal favorite is Mark Crilley over on Youtube. Hes a professional manga artist with several published books, but he also does tutorials online teaching everything from faces to body structures within the anime/manga style. Heres a link: markcrilley. Peruse his channel for any length of time and youre bound to learn something. You also mentioned how in looking at other peoples art, there is often a ridiculous amount of detail. Sorry to say that each of those details is something of a mastery in and of themselves. Shading and lighting are a whole other lesson. Folds in clothing are as well. Id browse the Quora Drawing section for more good questions and answers regarding these things, as this answer is already getting stupidly long. But the thing I love about Quora is you can just keep asking questions. Practice the things Ive talked about here to start, and then ask more questions once youve gotten the hang of it. If you read this whole thing, thank you for listening to me ramble, and I wish you the best of luck. tl;dr: Draw a lot, dont worry about the results, learn to be fluid when drawing your lines, everything is composed of basic shapes, Mark Crilley is awesome for learning anime/manga style. Good luck.","o from what Ive gathered, youre basically asking how to learn to draw, specifically with an emphasis in anime. An awesome goal, but be warned, this is not a simple question to answer. Be prepared to scroll down. Ill also be kind and provide a tl;dr at the end for those short on time. Lets start with mindset. Perhaps an unusual place to start, but Ive found the things Im about to list here to be incredibly important when learning to draw, especially when youre first starting out. So firstly..Draw A LOT. Draw feverishly and draw often. If you have a spare moment, sketch something in thContinue ReadingSo from what Ive gathered, youre basically asking how to learn to draw, specifically with an emphasis in anime. An awesome goal, but be warned, this is not a simple question to answer. Be prepared to scroll down. Ill also be kind and provide a tl;dr at the end for those short on time. Lets start with mindset. Perhaps an unusual place to start, but Ive found the things Im about to list here to be incredibly important when learning to draw, especially when youre first starting out. So firstly..Draw A LOT. Draw feverishly and draw often. If you have a spare moment, sketch something in the same room as you. I dont know if youre working or a student, but if you have a lunch break or something similar, doodle while you eat. I cant stress enough how significant persistence is, regardless of the quality of the drawings. Which leads me to...Dont worry about quality. A fascinating aspect of art that Ive noticed is that it doesnt take an artist to notice something off in a piece of artwork. Because youre just starting off, you will NOT like a lot of the stuff you draw. A lot of people I know gave up learning to draw early because they couldnt stand how nothing ever came out right. Let me just tell you as an artist of 10+ years now, we ALL started that way. It doesnt have to be good, you just need to learn something from it. So lastly on the topic of mindset...Be persistent. You mentioned you had a ton of paper and strong willpower. Good. Youll need both. And Im willing to bet youll need even more paper than you have. Practice daily. Especially practice drawing the things youre interested in drawing. In your case, draw people as you see them in real life. I know you want to draw anime style, but trust me, learning the basic structure of the human face will still translate into an exaggerated style like anime. Yeesh, this is already a long answer. But I suppose youre not obligated to read it all, so lets continue by going over the most basic of drawing techniques. All drawing, regardless of style are rooted in some pretty fundamental principles. These are the skill sets you will need to acquire no matter what discipline youre approaching, I could teach a 6 hour course on these, but Ill just do what I consider the two most important here: Line. When I say line here, I mean two things: quality of line, and just learning to draw good lines. Ive met many people who, while learning to draw, make these little chicken scratch lines. Compare the first circle to the second one:See how lousy that first one looks? And yet a ton of beginning artists think they can be more precise by drawing tiny little line segments. It might feel awkward at first, but learn to be confident in your lines, and keep the pencil moving.Shape. Youve probably heard this before, but everything is composed of basic shapes at their core. They might not be all regular shapes, but if you can create an outline of your drawing using simple shapes before getting into the details of any one part, youll have an easier time getting the overall look correctly proportioned.This isnt a perfect drawing, but its a good starting point. From here you can easily make changes to refine and add detail to your drawing.Whoo boy, almost done. You must be dedicated if youve read this far. Because youre going for an anime style, youre in luck. There are TONS of great resources out there that teach the Japanese anime/manga style. My personal favorite is Mark Crilley over on Youtube. Hes a professional manga artist with several published books, but he also does tutorials online teaching everything from faces to body structures within the anime/manga style. Heres a link: markcrilley. Peruse his channel for any length of time and youre bound to learn something. You also mentioned how in looking at other peoples art, there is often a ridiculous amount of detail. Sorry to say that each of those details is something of a mastery in and of themselves. Shading and lighting are a whole other lesson. Folds in clothing are as well. Id browse the Quora Drawing section for more good questions and answers regarding these things, as this answer is already getting stupidly long. But the thing I love about Quora is you can just keep asking questions. Practice the things Ive talked about here to start, and then ask more questions once youve gotten the hang of it. If you read this whole thing, thank you for listening to me ramble, and I wish you the best of luck. tl;dr: Draw a lot, dont worry about the results, learn to be fluid when drawing your lines, everything is composed of basic shapes, Mark Crilley is awesome for learning anime/manga style. Good luck. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","anime"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"You want the cold, hard, unadulterated truth? Can you handle the truth!? Anime is literally the shortened term for “animation” that the Japanese came up with, and was later adopted by people outside of Japan when they refer to animated shows and films from Japan. So, it really is just the shortened term for “animation”. Nothing more, nothing less.","ou want the cold, hard, unadulterated truth? Can you handle the truth!? Anime is literally the shortened term for “animation” that the Japanese came up with, and was later adopted by people outside of Japan when they refer to animated shows and films from Japan. So, it really is just the shortened term for “animation”. Nothing more, nothing less. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Anime is happinessBut sometimes it’s full of sadnessOther times it’s full of smug/sarcastic characters: And sometimes “anime” is packed with action and violence… And yet anime can be sweet, innocent and romantic: Anime can be laid back and chilled as well:Plus it has funny facial expressionsAnd “fan-service” for both guys and girls… SO WHAT IS ANIME? Anime is MANY things, with MANY animation styles, genres and tastes for any viewer. Regardless of what it is you’re into. If you can imagine it, there’s probably an anime for it. Anime is a diverse piece of entertainment, made predominantly by the JapaneContinue ReadingAnime is happinessBut sometimes it’s full of sadnessOther times it’s full of smug/sarcastic characters: And sometimes “anime” is packed with action and violence… And yet anime can be sweet, innocent and romantic: Anime can be laid back and chilled as well:Plus it has funny facial expressionsAnd “fan-service” for both guys and girls… SO WHAT IS ANIME? Anime is MANY things, with MANY animation styles, genres and tastes for any viewer. Regardless of what it is you’re into. If you can imagine it, there’s probably an anime for it. Anime is a diverse piece of entertainment, made predominantly by the Japanese. And there’s nothing like it.","nime is happinessBut sometimes it’s full of sadnessOther times it’s full of smug/sarcastic characters: And sometimes “anime” is packed with action and violence… And yet anime can be sweet, innocent and romantic: Anime can be laid back and chilled as well:Plus it has funny facial expressionsAnd “fan-service” for both guys and girls… SO WHAT IS ANIME? Anime is MANY things, with MANY animation styles, genres and tastes for any viewer. Regardless of what it is you’re into. If you can imagine it, there’s probably an anime for it. Anime is a diverse piece of entertainment, made predominantly by the JapaneContinue ReadingAnime is happinessBut sometimes it’s full of sadnessOther times it’s full of smug/sarcastic characters: And sometimes “anime” is packed with action and violence… And yet anime can be sweet, innocent and romantic: Anime can be laid back and chilled as well:Plus it has funny facial expressionsAnd “fan-service” for both guys and girls… SO WHAT IS ANIME? Anime is MANY things, with MANY animation styles, genres and tastes for any viewer. Regardless of what it is you’re into. If you can imagine it, there’s probably an anime for it. Anime is a diverse piece of entertainment, made predominantly by the Japanese. And there’s nothing like it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('scrambled')|","eggs"}, nil, {-0.25,0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"They don’t. You can easily make scrambled eggs the way a restaurant does. Here are the six common sins of scrambled eggs and how to avoid them:No milk. Use a splash of water instead.Don’t whip, fork. You’re breaking the yolks and mixing them in with the whites, not trying to kill them.Easy on the heat. Medium-low heat (3–4 on an electric, 3 on a gas stove).No oil. If you’ve just made bacon, put some bacon grease in the pan. If not, use a pat of butter. Note: If you use bacon grease, use less salt.Pay attention. Stir constantly and gently with a soft, flexible silicone spatula, constantly scrapinContinue ReadingThey don’t. You can easily make scrambled eggs the way a restaurant does. Here are the six common sins of scrambled eggs and how to avoid them:No milk. Use a splash of water instead.Don’t whip, fork. You’re breaking the yolks and mixing them in with the whites, not trying to kill them.Easy on the heat. Medium-low heat (3–4 on an electric, 3 on a gas stove).No oil. If you’ve just made bacon, put some bacon grease in the pan. If not, use a pat of butter. Note: If you use bacon grease, use less salt.Pay attention. Stir constantly and gently with a soft, flexible silicone spatula, constantly scraping the bottom of the pan to keep them from sticking while the eggs curdle. Toss in a pinch of salt to taste just before the end.Watch the late exit. Take them off the heat before you think they’re done. They should be shiny, and still look a little wet. Don’t worry, they will continue to cook on the plate.Side note: a warm plate is a good idea for eggs of any kind, they lose heat quickly.","hey don’t. You can easily make scrambled eggs the way a restaurant does. Here are the six common sins of scrambled eggs and how to avoid them:No milk. Use a splash of water instead.Don’t whip, fork. You’re breaking the yolks and mixing them in with the whites, not trying to kill them.Easy on the heat. Medium-low heat (3–4 on an electric, 3 on a gas stove).No oil. If you’ve just made bacon, put some bacon grease in the pan. If not, use a pat of butter. Note: If you use bacon grease, use less salt.Pay attention. Stir constantly and gently with a soft, flexible silicone spatula, constantly scrapinContinue ReadingThey don’t. You can easily make scrambled eggs the way a restaurant does. Here are the six common sins of scrambled eggs and how to avoid them:No milk. Use a splash of water instead.Don’t whip, fork. You’re breaking the yolks and mixing them in with the whites, not trying to kill them.Easy on the heat. Medium-low heat (3–4 on an electric, 3 on a gas stove).No oil. If you’ve just made bacon, put some bacon grease in the pan. If not, use a pat of butter. Note: If you use bacon grease, use less salt.Pay attention. Stir constantly and gently with a soft, flexible silicone spatula, constantly scraping the bottom of the pan to keep them from sticking while the eggs curdle. Toss in a pinch of salt to taste just before the end.Watch the late exit. Take them off the heat before you think they’re done. They should be shiny, and still look a little wet. Don’t worry, they will continue to cook on the plate.Side note: a warm plate is a good idea for eggs of any kind, they lose heat quickly. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I dont know about fine dining, but once at a truckstop near Ely, Nevada, a really nice lady taught me to make truckstop eggs. Assuming you dont have a flattop, get a skillet, put in a good bit of butter, then a little extra butter, medium heat. As soon as the butter melts, crack three eggs directly into the butter. Avoid the temptation to add milk or cream or water. Truckers dont like fluffy eggs. Fluffy eggs are for people who go to restaurants. When youve worked all night, you dont want fluffy, you want buttery with a bit of texture, almost like a really soft kind of meat that happens toContinue ReadingI dont know about fine dining, but once at a truckstop near Ely, Nevada, a really nice lady taught me to make truckstop eggs. Assuming you dont have a flattop, get a skillet, put in a good bit of butter, then a little extra butter, medium heat. As soon as the butter melts, crack three eggs directly into the butter. Avoid the temptation to add milk or cream or water. Truckers dont like fluffy eggs. Fluffy eggs are for people who go to restaurants. When youve worked all night, you dont want fluffy, you want buttery with a bit of texture, almost like a really soft kind of meat that happens to be made of eggs. Use the corner of the spatula to break the yolks, but dont stir anything yet. In a minute or two, as soon as the eggs look theyre about to set, toss some salt on top. Then roughly flip them over, but dont overmix them. Truckstop eggs should have streaks of white and yellow, but not really scrambled together. Make sure that all of the whites are opaque, and the yellows just barely stiffened. Then roughly toss it together with the spatula, flip it all one more time, to make sure its fully cooked. They need to be moist, greasy, and capable of calming down a Hells Angel who is in a bad mood. Toss it on a plate with some dry toast. Then slide it to the appreciative trucker. There has to be at least a little slide, even if its just an inch or two. If youre a woman, say “heres your damn eggs, sugar” and give the happy fella a little wink. If youre a man, say “three eggs, let me know if you need anything else.” Best damned eggs in the tri-state region."," dont know about fine dining, but once at a truckstop near Ely, Nevada, a really nice lady taught me to make truckstop eggs. Assuming you dont have a flattop, get a skillet, put in a good bit of butter, then a little extra butter, medium heat. As soon as the butter melts, crack three eggs directly into the butter. Avoid the temptation to add milk or cream or water. Truckers dont like fluffy eggs. Fluffy eggs are for people who go to restaurants. When youve worked all night, you dont want fluffy, you want buttery with a bit of texture, almost like a really soft kind of meat that happens toContinue ReadingI dont know about fine dining, but once at a truckstop near Ely, Nevada, a really nice lady taught me to make truckstop eggs. Assuming you dont have a flattop, get a skillet, put in a good bit of butter, then a little extra butter, medium heat. As soon as the butter melts, crack three eggs directly into the butter. Avoid the temptation to add milk or cream or water. Truckers dont like fluffy eggs. Fluffy eggs are for people who go to restaurants. When youve worked all night, you dont want fluffy, you want buttery with a bit of texture, almost like a really soft kind of meat that happens to be made of eggs. Use the corner of the spatula to break the yolks, but dont stir anything yet. In a minute or two, as soon as the eggs look theyre about to set, toss some salt on top. Then roughly flip them over, but dont overmix them. Truckstop eggs should have streaks of white and yellow, but not really scrambled together. Make sure that all of the whites are opaque, and the yellows just barely stiffened. Then roughly toss it together with the spatula, flip it all one more time, to make sure its fully cooked. They need to be moist, greasy, and capable of calming down a Hells Angel who is in a bad mood. Toss it on a plate with some dry toast. Then slide it to the appreciative trucker. There has to be at least a little slide, even if its just an inch or two. If youre a woman, say “heres your damn eggs, sugar” and give the happy fella a little wink. If youre a man, say “three eggs, let me know if you need anything else.” Best damned eggs in the tri-state region. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('tbh')|","mean"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"TBH stands for To Be Honest. Its often used in text messages or online conversations to preface a candid or honest statement.","BH stands for To Be Honest. Its often used in text messages or online conversations to preface a candid or honest statement. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To be honest","To be honest |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To Be Honest TBH (To Be Honest) and More Slang Parents Should Know. By Toni Birdsong on Dec 17, 2013. When selfie becomes Oxford Dictionarys word of the year, it is a good idea to pay attention to the emerging (and influential) language evolving online, much of it penned—or should we say pexted—by teens.","o Be Honest TBH (To Be Honest) and More Slang Parents Should Know. By Toni Birdsong on Dec 17, 2013. When selfie becomes Oxford Dictionarys word of the year, it is a good idea to pay attention to the emerging (and influential) language evolving online, much of it penned—or should we say pexted—by teens. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To be honest","To be honest |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","pimples"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrancContinue Reading1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrance free, oil free, water based, noncomedogenic moisturizers after you wash your face. 5. Applying aloevera gel, can further accelerate your journey to pimple free skin. 6. And stay hydrated! For, the path to a clear skin, goes through hydration. Hope this helped!","1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrancContinue Reading1. So, first of all you have to cut off eating sugar and packaged products. Try to eat healthy, home-cooked food and limit your ghee and oil intake. 2. Wash your face with a nice quality face wash at least twice a day. You can try to use the facewash with Salicylic acid(0.5%–4%) or Benzoyl peroxide((2.5%-8% although, it may sometimes go to even 10%) in the ingredient list. 3. Do not forget to wash your face at night. Many people tend not to follow this out of laziness. But, washing your face at the end of the day will reduce the breakouts, clogged pores, harmful bacteria and oils. 4. Use fragrance free, oil free, water based, noncomedogenic moisturizers after you wash your face. 5. Applying aloevera gel, can further accelerate your journey to pimple free skin. 6. And stay hydrated! For, the path to a clear skin, goes through hydration. Hope this helped! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! ThContinue Reading“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! The path to clear skin is often one of trial and error; you might need to try several acne remedies before you find the right treatment for the types of acne affecting your skin. Before trying acne medication, you may prefer to give different natural acne treatment options a chance. While theres no research supporting the effective use of natural acne treatments, here are two popular options that you may want to try. 1. Coconut Oil Coconut oil is all the rage, with uses ranging from hair conditioning to cooking. But some swear by it as a natural acne treatment. To use coconut oil as an acne treatment, you can include it as part of a healthy diet. Or, you can apply a very small amount and rub directly onto your skin after cleansing for an extra hydrating boost. 2. Tea Tree Oil Some people swear by the disinfecting power of tea tree oil for acne treatment. It can be applied either full strength or slightly diluted with water directly onto pimples. Use a small amount on a clean cotton swab or cotton pad and dab on the affected areas immediately after cleansing. Because tea tree oil can be drying, you might choose to use both tea tree oil and coconut oil for acne as part of your clear skin regimen. Disclaimer: While the home remedies may not be enough to give you clear skin, especially in those with complicated, inflammatory cystic acne. There are several acne medication options approved for use, but which one is best for you is a question for your dermatologist. Here are a few of the acne treatments you can consider:Acne Control Protocol (For Active Acne and Acne Pigmentation)A combination of personalized medical treatment and fortnightly cleanup sessions for 3 months takes care of active acne and reddish brown acne pigmentation. Severe acne may need a Comedone buster, like a ‘Carbon peel’ which is the latest addition to the treatment protocol.Acne Scar ProtocolWe have the world’s most effective Ultrapulse Total FX laser technology for acne scars. Unlike most skin treatments that require repeated appointments to achieve optimal results, the Ultrapulse Total FX laser treatment reduces the appearance of wrinkles, and scars. We understand how much acne can affect your life and especially your self-confidence. With our years of medical experience in treating a variety of skin problems, our super specialists create bespoke plans for all skin types. Hope you know where you can find a proven solution to your skin crisis!","“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! ThContinue Reading“How to get rid of acne” is one of the most searched Google terms. After all, we’re all looking for a fix. Up to 85% of people will suffer from pimples, whiteheads, blackheads, cysts or pustules. Some grow out of it, but not all; acne is the most common skin condition and affects millions of Indians annually. To be honest…acne is more than an inconvenience. It can cause both physical and psychological problems including permanent scarring of the skin, poor self-image, low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. However, let me tell you... THERE IS NO QUICK FIX TO ACNE! There...band-aid ripped off! The path to clear skin is often one of trial and error; you might need to try several acne remedies before you find the right treatment for the types of acne affecting your skin. Before trying acne medication, you may prefer to give different natural acne treatment options a chance. While theres no research supporting the effective use of natural acne treatments, here are two popular options that you may want to try. 1. Coconut Oil Coconut oil is all the rage, with uses ranging from hair conditioning to cooking. But some swear by it as a natural acne treatment. To use coconut oil as an acne treatment, you can include it as part of a healthy diet. Or, you can apply a very small amount and rub directly onto your skin after cleansing for an extra hydrating boost. 2. Tea Tree Oil Some people swear by the disinfecting power of tea tree oil for acne treatment. It can be applied either full strength or slightly diluted with water directly onto pimples. Use a small amount on a clean cotton swab or cotton pad and dab on the affected areas immediately after cleansing. Because tea tree oil can be drying, you might choose to use both tea tree oil and coconut oil for acne as part of your clear skin regimen. Disclaimer: While the home remedies may not be enough to give you clear skin, especially in those with complicated, inflammatory cystic acne. There are several acne medication options approved for use, but which one is best for you is a question for your dermatologist. Here are a few of the acne treatments you can consider:Acne Control Protocol (For Active Acne and Acne Pigmentation)A combination of personalized medical treatment and fortnightly cleanup sessions for 3 months takes care of active acne and reddish brown acne pigmentation. Severe acne may need a Comedone buster, like a ‘Carbon peel’ which is the latest addition to the treatment protocol.Acne Scar ProtocolWe have the world’s most effective Ultrapulse Total FX laser technology for acne scars. Unlike most skin treatments that require repeated appointments to achieve optimal results, the Ultrapulse Total FX laser treatment reduces the appearance of wrinkles, and scars. We understand how much acne can affect your life and especially your self-confidence. With our years of medical experience in treating a variety of skin problems, our super specialists create bespoke plans for all skin types. Hope you know where you can find a proven solution to your skin crisis! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","|pal:NRT('spaghetti')|","squash"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"How To Cook Spaghetti Squash In OvenSpaghetti squash is a nutritious winter vegetable that offers lots of fiber, beta-carotene, folate and more. It offers a really fun, spaghetti-like texture and built-in bowl shape. Spaghetti squash is a good stand-in for pasta, and also plays nicely with a variety of other flavors. Here is how to cook spaghetti squash in oven with 4 different flavours – think pizza, pad Thai, chicken alfredo and taco spaghetti squash boats! These recipes for spaghetti squash will keep the flavours of your meal exciting and delicious! Spaghetti squash cut : How to cut spaghContinue ReadingHow To Cook Spaghetti Squash In OvenSpaghetti squash is a nutritious winter vegetable that offers lots of fiber, beta-carotene, folate and more. It offers a really fun, spaghetti-like texture and built-in bowl shape. Spaghetti squash is a good stand-in for pasta, and also plays nicely with a variety of other flavors. Here is how to cook spaghetti squash in oven with 4 different flavours – think pizza, pad Thai, chicken alfredo and taco spaghetti squash boats! These recipes for spaghetti squash will keep the flavours of your meal exciting and delicious! Spaghetti squash cut : How to cut spaghetti squash For each of these spaghetti squash recipes, you will have to cut your squash in half. The exterior skin of the squash is very tough, but there is a trick that will make the work much easier. With a sharp knife, make a few slits in the squash where you plan to cut, like you are making a dotted line around the outside. Microwave the entire squash for 2-3 minutes, then allow it to cool enough to handle it. You can also just microwave it, skipping the slit making process. At this point, the squash skin will be soft enough to cut easily along your pre-cut lines! How to cook spaghetti squash – Slice the spaghetti squash in half lengthwise. – Remove the seeds by scooping out with a spoon. – Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. – Roast in the oven at 425 F. for 35 minutes. – Scrape the insides with a fork to create spaghetti-like strands of squash. – Top with the fillings of your choice – you can cook the chicken and ground beef if making the alfredo or taco versions while the squash is roasting in the oven. – Bake for another ten minutes then enjoy!Pizza spaghetti squashPad Thai spaghetti squashChicken Alfredo spaghetti squashTaco spaghetti squash Servings : 4 servings Prep Time : 15 minutes Cook Time : 45 minutes Total Time : 1 hour Ingredients Pizza spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1 cup pizza sauce – 1 cup mozzarella cheese – 1/2 cup diced green pepper – 1/2 cup red onion, diced – 1/2 cup pepperoni Pad Thai spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1/2 cup pad thai sauce – 1/2 cup grated carrots – 1/2 cup thinly sliced red cabbage – 1/2 cup bean sprouts – 2 green onions, sliced – 2 tbsp chopped peanuts – 2 tbsp chopped cilantro Chicken Alfredo spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 2 chicken breasts, diced – 1 cup jarred alfredo sauce – 1/4 cup parmesan cheese – 2 tbsp chopped parsley Taco spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1/2 lb extra-lean ground beef – 1/2 cup red onion, diced – 1/2 cup black olives – 1 cup pico de gallo or fresh salsa – 1 cup grated cheddar cheese – 2 tbsp chopped cilantro Instructions – Preheat oven to 425 F. Cut spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt &amp; pepper, then roast for 35 minutes until softened. – Meanwhile, if using chicken or ground beef, cook the meats in a skillet over med-high heat for 7-8 minutes until browned and fully cooked. – Remove squash from oven and scrape into spaghetti-like strands. Top with toppings of choice (with the exception of fresh herbs, bean sprouts and green onions if using), then bake in the oven for another 10 minutes until toppings are cooked through. – Serve and enjoy! Spaghetti squash boats will last in fridge up to 5 days. Cooked spaghetti squash (without toppings) will last in the freezer up to 3 months. Nutrition Calories: 361kcal - Carbohydrates: 40g - Protein: 14g - Fat: 19g - Saturated Fat: 7g - Cholesterol: 37mg - Sodium: 829mg - Potassium: 847mg - Fiber: 9g - Sugar: 18g - Vitamin A: 1103IU - Vitamin C: 31mg - Calcium: 268mg - Iron: 3mg","How To Cook Spaghetti Squash In OvenSpaghetti squash is a nutritious winter vegetable that offers lots of fiber, beta-carotene, folate and more. It offers a really fun, spaghetti-like texture and built-in bowl shape. Spaghetti squash is a good stand-in for pasta, and also plays nicely with a variety of other flavors. Here is how to cook spaghetti squash in oven with 4 different flavours – think pizza, pad Thai, chicken alfredo and taco spaghetti squash boats! These recipes for spaghetti squash will keep the flavours of your meal exciting and delicious! Spaghetti squash cut : How to cut spaghContinue ReadingHow To Cook Spaghetti Squash In OvenSpaghetti squash is a nutritious winter vegetable that offers lots of fiber, beta-carotene, folate and more. It offers a really fun, spaghetti-like texture and built-in bowl shape. Spaghetti squash is a good stand-in for pasta, and also plays nicely with a variety of other flavors. Here is how to cook spaghetti squash in oven with 4 different flavours – think pizza, pad Thai, chicken alfredo and taco spaghetti squash boats! These recipes for spaghetti squash will keep the flavours of your meal exciting and delicious! Spaghetti squash cut : How to cut spaghetti squash For each of these spaghetti squash recipes, you will have to cut your squash in half. The exterior skin of the squash is very tough, but there is a trick that will make the work much easier. With a sharp knife, make a few slits in the squash where you plan to cut, like you are making a dotted line around the outside. Microwave the entire squash for 2-3 minutes, then allow it to cool enough to handle it. You can also just microwave it, skipping the slit making process. At this point, the squash skin will be soft enough to cut easily along your pre-cut lines! How to cook spaghetti squash – Slice the spaghetti squash in half lengthwise. – Remove the seeds by scooping out with a spoon. – Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. – Roast in the oven at 425 F. for 35 minutes. – Scrape the insides with a fork to create spaghetti-like strands of squash. – Top with the fillings of your choice – you can cook the chicken and ground beef if making the alfredo or taco versions while the squash is roasting in the oven. – Bake for another ten minutes then enjoy!Pizza spaghetti squashPad Thai spaghetti squashChicken Alfredo spaghetti squashTaco spaghetti squash Servings : 4 servings Prep Time : 15 minutes Cook Time : 45 minutes Total Time : 1 hour Ingredients Pizza spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1 cup pizza sauce – 1 cup mozzarella cheese – 1/2 cup diced green pepper – 1/2 cup red onion, diced – 1/2 cup pepperoni Pad Thai spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1/2 cup pad thai sauce – 1/2 cup grated carrots – 1/2 cup thinly sliced red cabbage – 1/2 cup bean sprouts – 2 green onions, sliced – 2 tbsp chopped peanuts – 2 tbsp chopped cilantro Chicken Alfredo spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 2 chicken breasts, diced – 1 cup jarred alfredo sauce – 1/4 cup parmesan cheese – 2 tbsp chopped parsley Taco spaghetti squash – 1 tbsp olive oil – 2 spaghetti squash – 1/2 lb extra-lean ground beef – 1/2 cup red onion, diced – 1/2 cup black olives – 1 cup pico de gallo or fresh salsa – 1 cup grated cheddar cheese – 2 tbsp chopped cilantro Instructions – Preheat oven to 425 F. Cut spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt &amp; pepper, then roast for 35 minutes until softened. – Meanwhile, if using chicken or ground beef, cook the meats in a skillet over med-high heat for 7-8 minutes until browned and fully cooked. – Remove squash from oven and scrape into spaghetti-like strands. Top with toppings of choice (with the exception of fresh herbs, bean sprouts and green onions if using), then bake in the oven for another 10 minutes until toppings are cooked through. – Serve and enjoy! Spaghetti squash boats will last in fridge up to 5 days. Cooked spaghetti squash (without toppings) will last in the freezer up to 3 months. Nutrition Calories: 361kcal - Carbohydrates: 40g - Protein: 14g - Fat: 19g - Saturated Fat: 7g - Cholesterol: 37mg - Sodium: 829mg - Potassium: 847mg - Fiber: 9g - Sugar: 18g - Vitamin A: 1103IU - Vitamin C: 31mg - Calcium: 268mg - Iron: 3mg |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Spaghetti Squash Parmesan Recipe In English - Chitras RecipeSpaghetti Squash Parmesan recipe in english, baking secipe, easy to bake, spaghetti squash with cheese recipe, delicious food recipe, food blogginghttps://www.thecookingsmart.com/2021/11/spaghetti-squash-parmesan.htmlSpaghetti Squash ParmesanSpaghetti squash is a pretty incredible veggie: when roasted, it turns into pasta-like strands (the perfect vessel for cheese and sauce). When halved and hollowed out, the squash becomes its own bowl, which you can pile the cheesy squash mixture back into. Store-bought marinara sauce means minimal hands-on time, and the crispy breadcrumbs add some delicious crunch on top. Basically, we’ve created a vegetarian-friendly neighborhood Italian favorite—and we cannot stop raving about it. Make it on a weeknight for the family (they’ll starContinue ReadingSpaghetti Squash Parmesan Recipe In English - Chitras RecipeSpaghetti Squash Parmesan recipe in english, baking secipe, easy to bake, spaghetti squash with cheese recipe, delicious food recipe, food blogginghttps://www.thecookingsmart.com/2021/11/spaghetti-squash-parmesan.htmlSpaghetti Squash ParmesanSpaghetti squash is a pretty incredible veggie: when roasted, it turns into pasta-like strands (the perfect vessel for cheese and sauce). When halved and hollowed out, the squash becomes its own bowl, which you can pile the cheesy squash mixture back into. Store-bought marinara sauce means minimal hands-on time, and the crispy breadcrumbs add some delicious crunch on top. Basically, we’ve created a vegetarian-friendly neighborhood Italian favorite—and we cannot stop raving about it. Make it on a weeknight for the family (they’ll start requesting it often), on Saturday night for guests, or as a festive vegetarian holiday main. If your market only has small squashes, don’t fret! Buy two and follow the recipe as written, dividing the mixture between four halves, instead of two.hands-on: 20 mins  total:1 hr 35 mins  Serves 4 Ingredients1 large spaghetti squash (about 3 lb.), halved lengthwise and seeded3 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt and freshly ground black pepper4 ounces whole-milk ricotta (½ cup)2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving¼ cup fresh basil, torn, plus more for serving¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)4 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn into bite-size pieces, divided1 ½ cups marinara sauce4 ounces grated Parmesan (about 1 cup)½ cup Panko breadcrumbsDirections Step 1 Heat oven to 400°F. Place squash on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, drizzle cut sides with 2 tablespoons of the oil, and season with 1 teaspoon salt, and several grinds pepper. Place cut side down and roast until easily pierced with a fork, 40 to 45 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 450°F.","paghetti Squash Parmesan Recipe In English - Chitras RecipeSpaghetti Squash Parmesan recipe in english, baking secipe, easy to bake, spaghetti squash with cheese recipe, delicious food recipe, food blogginghttps://www.thecookingsmart.com/2021/11/spaghetti-squash-parmesan.htmlSpaghetti Squash ParmesanSpaghetti squash is a pretty incredible veggie: when roasted, it turns into pasta-like strands (the perfect vessel for cheese and sauce). When halved and hollowed out, the squash becomes its own bowl, which you can pile the cheesy squash mixture back into. Store-bought marinara sauce means minimal hands-on time, and the crispy breadcrumbs add some delicious crunch on top. Basically, we’ve created a vegetarian-friendly neighborhood Italian favorite—and we cannot stop raving about it. Make it on a weeknight for the family (they’ll starContinue ReadingSpaghetti Squash Parmesan Recipe In English - Chitras RecipeSpaghetti Squash Parmesan recipe in english, baking secipe, easy to bake, spaghetti squash with cheese recipe, delicious food recipe, food blogginghttps://www.thecookingsmart.com/2021/11/spaghetti-squash-parmesan.htmlSpaghetti Squash ParmesanSpaghetti squash is a pretty incredible veggie: when roasted, it turns into pasta-like strands (the perfect vessel for cheese and sauce). When halved and hollowed out, the squash becomes its own bowl, which you can pile the cheesy squash mixture back into. Store-bought marinara sauce means minimal hands-on time, and the crispy breadcrumbs add some delicious crunch on top. Basically, we’ve created a vegetarian-friendly neighborhood Italian favorite—and we cannot stop raving about it. Make it on a weeknight for the family (they’ll start requesting it often), on Saturday night for guests, or as a festive vegetarian holiday main. If your market only has small squashes, don’t fret! Buy two and follow the recipe as written, dividing the mixture between four halves, instead of two.hands-on: 20 mins  total:1 hr 35 mins  Serves 4 Ingredients1 large spaghetti squash (about 3 lb.), halved lengthwise and seeded3 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt and freshly ground black pepper4 ounces whole-milk ricotta (½ cup)2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving¼ cup fresh basil, torn, plus more for serving¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)4 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn into bite-size pieces, divided1 ½ cups marinara sauce4 ounces grated Parmesan (about 1 cup)½ cup Panko breadcrumbsDirections Step 1 Heat oven to 400°F. Place squash on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, drizzle cut sides with 2 tablespoons of the oil, and season with 1 teaspoon salt, and several grinds pepper. Place cut side down and roast until easily pierced with a fork, 40 to 45 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 450°F. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Cut the squash in half the long way. Clean out the seeds. place a couple garlic cloves and a thyme sprig in the cavity where the seeds were. Cover the surface area with oil and kosher salt. Roast skin side down until soft and golden brown, 375 degrees for about 30 minutes i believe. Remove from oven, the flesh should be fork tender, the consistency of pulled pork. Wrap them up airtight in a container to cool, it with give the aromatics a chance to incorporate more. Let it cool off to where the squash is still warm but you can handle it without burning yourself. Remove the thyme sprigs and discContinue ReadingCut the squash in half the long way. Clean out the seeds. place a couple garlic cloves and a thyme sprig in the cavity where the seeds were. Cover the surface area with oil and kosher salt. Roast skin side down until soft and golden brown, 375 degrees for about 30 minutes i believe. Remove from oven, the flesh should be fork tender, the consistency of pulled pork. Wrap them up airtight in a container to cool, it with give the aromatics a chance to incorporate more. Let it cool off to where the squash is still warm but you can handle it without burning yourself. Remove the thyme sprigs and discard. Macerate the now soft roasted garlic cloves. At this point you should be able to take a fork or even a spoon and scrape out the spaghetti from the husk. Dispose of the husks. Mix up the squash you retrieved with the macerated garlic and voila. You can now sauté it simply and serve with a protein of your choice. My kitchen did these last year with turkey-quinoa meatballs and charred cherry tomatoes. But its a great accompaniment to a lot of things. Hope this helped.","ut the squash in half the long way. Clean out the seeds. place a couple garlic cloves and a thyme sprig in the cavity where the seeds were. Cover the surface area with oil and kosher salt. Roast skin side down until soft and golden brown, 375 degrees for about 30 minutes i believe. Remove from oven, the flesh should be fork tender, the consistency of pulled pork. Wrap them up airtight in a container to cool, it with give the aromatics a chance to incorporate more. Let it cool off to where the squash is still warm but you can handle it without burning yourself. Remove the thyme sprigs and discContinue ReadingCut the squash in half the long way. Clean out the seeds. place a couple garlic cloves and a thyme sprig in the cavity where the seeds were. Cover the surface area with oil and kosher salt. Roast skin side down until soft and golden brown, 375 degrees for about 30 minutes i believe. Remove from oven, the flesh should be fork tender, the consistency of pulled pork. Wrap them up airtight in a container to cool, it with give the aromatics a chance to incorporate more. Let it cool off to where the squash is still warm but you can handle it without burning yourself. Remove the thyme sprigs and discard. Macerate the now soft roasted garlic cloves. At this point you should be able to take a fork or even a spoon and scrape out the spaghetti from the husk. Dispose of the husks. Mix up the squash you retrieved with the macerated garlic and voila. You can now sauté it simply and serve with a protein of your choice. My kitchen did these last year with turkey-quinoa meatballs and charred cherry tomatoes. But its a great accompaniment to a lot of things. Hope this helped. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","One of the most popular recipes for spaghetti squash is to make Spaghetti and Meatballs. The dish can be cooked in about 30 minutes. Ingredients: -1 large spaghetti squash -½ cup canned tomato sauce -3 garlic cloves, minced -¼ tsp dried oregano -salt and pepper to taste -2/3 lb ground beef or turkey meatballs, prepared according to package instructions. -1 ½ cups grated mozzarella cheese -2 Tbsp chopped fresh parsley -1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil Directions: Steps 1: Preheat oven to 350 °F. Steps 2: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise; cut each half in half again. The pieces should be about 4 inchesContinue ReadingOne of the most popular recipes for spaghetti squash is to make Spaghetti and Meatballs. The dish can be cooked in about 30 minutes. Ingredients: -1 large spaghetti squash -½ cup canned tomato sauce -3 garlic cloves, minced -¼ tsp dried oregano -salt and pepper to taste -2/3 lb ground beef or turkey meatballs, prepared according to package instructions. -1 ½ cups grated mozzarella cheese -2 Tbsp chopped fresh parsley -1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil Directions: Steps 1: Preheat oven to 350 °F. Steps 2: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise; cut each half in half again. The pieces should be about 4 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. Place pieces cut side down on a baking sheet; bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until tender. Steps 3: Heat tomato sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Steps 4: In a large skillet, sauté garlic in oil until fragrant. Add oregano; stir in beef and sauce. Simmer on low heat for 7 to 10 minutes, stirring often. Steps 5: When the squash is done, run a fork down the center of each piece, carefully removing the seeds and stringy pulp. Spoon beef mixture onto three squash halves; top with cheese and parsley. Cover with remaining squash halves. Garnish with parsley, if desired. Steps 6: Serve immediately.","ne of the most popular recipes for spaghetti squash is to make Spaghetti and Meatballs. The dish can be cooked in about 30 minutes. Ingredients: -1 large spaghetti squash -½ cup canned tomato sauce -3 garlic cloves, minced -¼ tsp dried oregano -salt and pepper to taste -2/3 lb ground beef or turkey meatballs, prepared according to package instructions. -1 ½ cups grated mozzarella cheese -2 Tbsp chopped fresh parsley -1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil Directions: Steps 1: Preheat oven to 350 °F. Steps 2: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise; cut each half in half again. The pieces should be about 4 inchesContinue ReadingOne of the most popular recipes for spaghetti squash is to make Spaghetti and Meatballs. The dish can be cooked in about 30 minutes. Ingredients: -1 large spaghetti squash -½ cup canned tomato sauce -3 garlic cloves, minced -¼ tsp dried oregano -salt and pepper to taste -2/3 lb ground beef or turkey meatballs, prepared according to package instructions. -1 ½ cups grated mozzarella cheese -2 Tbsp chopped fresh parsley -1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil Directions: Steps 1: Preheat oven to 350 °F. Steps 2: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise; cut each half in half again. The pieces should be about 4 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. Place pieces cut side down on a baking sheet; bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until tender. Steps 3: Heat tomato sauce in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Steps 4: In a large skillet, sauté garlic in oil until fragrant. Add oregano; stir in beef and sauce. Simmer on low heat for 7 to 10 minutes, stirring often. Steps 5: When the squash is done, run a fork down the center of each piece, carefully removing the seeds and stringy pulp. Spoon beef mixture onto three squash halves; top with cheese and parsley. Cover with remaining squash halves. Garnish with parsley, if desired. Steps 6: Serve immediately. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","omelet"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Preheat a pan over medium or medium low heat for two or three minutes. Choose a pan that corresponds to the size of the omelet. As a rough guess use an eight inch diameter pan for a two egg omelet, a ten inch diameter pan for a three egg omelet, and a twelve inch diameter pan for a four egg omelet. The pan will be hot enough when water dances on the surface. (350F)Temper the eggs. If the eggs have been refrigerated, you will want to put them in a porcelain or glass bowl, whisk them, place in a microwave for eight seconds, whisk, and repeat until the eggs are warm. This seems finicky, but cold Continue ReadingPreheat a pan over medium or medium low heat for two or three minutes. Choose a pan that corresponds to the size of the omelet. As a rough guess use an eight inch diameter pan for a two egg omelet, a ten inch diameter pan for a three egg omelet, and a twelve inch diameter pan for a four egg omelet. The pan will be hot enough when water dances on the surface. (350F)Temper the eggs. If the eggs have been refrigerated, you will want to put them in a porcelain or glass bowl, whisk them, place in a microwave for eight seconds, whisk, and repeat until the eggs are warm. This seems finicky, but cold eggs are infernally difficult to mix together and microwave heating tends to be uneven when the eggs are not mixed well. Alternatively, use an electric beater to mix cold eggs completely and nuke for nine seconds per egg until just warm to the touch.Sauté the filling ingredients. First, try not to select more than two or three ingredients aside from cheese. Make sure that wet ingredients such as mushrooms and tomatoes get cooked long enough for the flavors to intensify and the surfaces to cease being watery.Lightly oil the pan with an oil that has a moderately high smoke point: ghee is good, or avocado oil. Pour the eggs into the pan. Shake periodically. Near the end of half a minute there will be a little liquid on the top. Tilt the pan to run this liquid to the edges.The moment there is no more liquid, add the hot filling ingredients, fold, and top with cheese. Move to a warmed plate and let rest about half a minute. Consider a dash of a hot sauce such as Cholula. Or some green salsa. Or just a dash of dried chervil.Here are some ideas for fillings.Ham and cheese. A simple classic. Use a good sharp cheddar or a swiss cheese and a juicy ham with a good smokey flavor. Sometimes tomatoes or bell peppers can be added.Spinach and mushrooms. Cook the mushrooms under high heat until they get some color. Then toss in the spinach, adding enough salt to offstet its bitterness, a few pinches. I top this with swiss or gruyere cheese.Shrimp and avocado. The shrimp will have been precooked by boiling or steaming, and the avocado gets no cooking at all. Heat shrimp in olive oil with a touch of smoked paprika.Chorizo and green chiles. Cook the chorizo well, toss in the green chiles just long enough to remove extra water. Top with pepper jack cheeseSpinach, bacon, and tomato. Use roma tomatoes, and sauté them in olive oil under high heat. Or saute them in the fat from the bacon. Toss in spinach. Top with jack cheeseItalian sausage, onion, and bell pepper, cook the sausage to nearly pink, add onion and bell pepper and cook until onion has color. Mozzarella works well with this.Spinach, feta, black olives. Sauté spinach and olives, toss in feta to just warm up.Cooked chicken breast, sun dried tomatoes, and onions. Saute onions until the edges are translucent. Add the chicken breast, some smoked paprika, salt, pepper, and chopped up sun-dried tomatoes. Meunster cheese.Remember, the omelet is about eggs. The cooked filling probably should not be more than one or two tablespoons per egg. And with this recipe the outside surface of the omelet will be a little golden and crispy. If it’s not, the pan was not hot enough. If you want a more traditional American style omelet, don’t heat the pan quite so much. When one is searching for foods that are lean, fast to make, cheap, nutritious, and totally delicious, it’s hard to do better than an omelet. Enjoy!","Preheat a pan over medium or medium low heat for two or three minutes. Choose a pan that corresponds to the size of the omelet. As a rough guess use an eight inch diameter pan for a two egg omelet, a ten inch diameter pan for a three egg omelet, and a twelve inch diameter pan for a four egg omelet. The pan will be hot enough when water dances on the surface. (350F)Temper the eggs. If the eggs have been refrigerated, you will want to put them in a porcelain or glass bowl, whisk them, place in a microwave for eight seconds, whisk, and repeat until the eggs are warm. This seems finicky, but cold Continue ReadingPreheat a pan over medium or medium low heat for two or three minutes. Choose a pan that corresponds to the size of the omelet. As a rough guess use an eight inch diameter pan for a two egg omelet, a ten inch diameter pan for a three egg omelet, and a twelve inch diameter pan for a four egg omelet. The pan will be hot enough when water dances on the surface. (350F)Temper the eggs. If the eggs have been refrigerated, you will want to put them in a porcelain or glass bowl, whisk them, place in a microwave for eight seconds, whisk, and repeat until the eggs are warm. This seems finicky, but cold eggs are infernally difficult to mix together and microwave heating tends to be uneven when the eggs are not mixed well. Alternatively, use an electric beater to mix cold eggs completely and nuke for nine seconds per egg until just warm to the touch.Sauté the filling ingredients. First, try not to select more than two or three ingredients aside from cheese. Make sure that wet ingredients such as mushrooms and tomatoes get cooked long enough for the flavors to intensify and the surfaces to cease being watery.Lightly oil the pan with an oil that has a moderately high smoke point: ghee is good, or avocado oil. Pour the eggs into the pan. Shake periodically. Near the end of half a minute there will be a little liquid on the top. Tilt the pan to run this liquid to the edges.The moment there is no more liquid, add the hot filling ingredients, fold, and top with cheese. Move to a warmed plate and let rest about half a minute. Consider a dash of a hot sauce such as Cholula. Or some green salsa. Or just a dash of dried chervil.Here are some ideas for fillings.Ham and cheese. A simple classic. Use a good sharp cheddar or a swiss cheese and a juicy ham with a good smokey flavor. Sometimes tomatoes or bell peppers can be added.Spinach and mushrooms. Cook the mushrooms under high heat until they get some color. Then toss in the spinach, adding enough salt to offstet its bitterness, a few pinches. I top this with swiss or gruyere cheese.Shrimp and avocado. The shrimp will have been precooked by boiling or steaming, and the avocado gets no cooking at all. Heat shrimp in olive oil with a touch of smoked paprika.Chorizo and green chiles. Cook the chorizo well, toss in the green chiles just long enough to remove extra water. Top with pepper jack cheeseSpinach, bacon, and tomato. Use roma tomatoes, and sauté them in olive oil under high heat. Or saute them in the fat from the bacon. Toss in spinach. Top with jack cheeseItalian sausage, onion, and bell pepper, cook the sausage to nearly pink, add onion and bell pepper and cook until onion has color. Mozzarella works well with this.Spinach, feta, black olives. Sauté spinach and olives, toss in feta to just warm up.Cooked chicken breast, sun dried tomatoes, and onions. Saute onions until the edges are translucent. Add the chicken breast, some smoked paprika, salt, pepper, and chopped up sun-dried tomatoes. Meunster cheese.Remember, the omelet is about eggs. The cooked filling probably should not be more than one or two tablespoons per egg. And with this recipe the outside surface of the omelet will be a little golden and crispy. If it’s not, the pan was not hot enough. If you want a more traditional American style omelet, don’t heat the pan quite so much. When one is searching for foods that are lean, fast to make, cheap, nutritious, and totally delicious, it’s hard to do better than an omelet. Enjoy! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('change')|","|pal:NRT('wifi')|","password"}, nil, {0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"1. Open chrome Browser type 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1 in Address Bar.(This is the standard router address.. if apple type : 10.0.1.1 or better check out your router address.. by using ipconfig in windows)2. Enter Username and Password as admin [Default] (depends on your router whether it is dlink or any other.. check out the default username and password according to your model.)3.Setting menu will appear. Check for Wireless &gt;&gt; Wireless Security .4. Look for the box labeled Password, Passphrase or Shared Key. You can enter your new password into this box. Some routers will ask Continue Reading1. Open chrome Browser type 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1 in Address Bar.(This is the standard router address.. if apple type : 10.0.1.1 or better check out your router address.. by using ipconfig in windows)2. Enter Username and Password as admin [Default] (depends on your router whether it is dlink or any other.. check out the default username and password according to your model.)3.Setting menu will appear. Check for Wireless &gt;&gt; Wireless Security .4. Look for the box labeled Password, Passphrase or Shared Key. You can enter your new password into this box. Some routers will ask that you type the password again to ensure that you entered it correctly.Change it.. and keep it a little lengthy and strong !5.Click on Save option at the bottom.",". Open chrome Browser type 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1 in Address Bar.(This is the standard router address.. if apple type : 10.0.1.1 or better check out your router address.. by using ipconfig in windows)2. Enter Username and Password as admin [Default] (depends on your router whether it is dlink or any other.. check out the default username and password according to your model.)3.Setting menu will appear. Check for Wireless &gt;&gt; Wireless Security .4. Look for the box labeled Password, Passphrase or Shared Key. You can enter your new password into this box. Some routers will ask Continue Reading1. Open chrome Browser type 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1 in Address Bar.(This is the standard router address.. if apple type : 10.0.1.1 or better check out your router address.. by using ipconfig in windows)2. Enter Username and Password as admin [Default] (depends on your router whether it is dlink or any other.. check out the default username and password according to your model.)3.Setting menu will appear. Check for Wireless &gt;&gt; Wireless Security .4. Look for the box labeled Password, Passphrase or Shared Key. You can enter your new password into this box. Some routers will ask that you type the password again to ensure that you entered it correctly.Change it.. and keep it a little lengthy and strong !5.Click on Save option at the bottom. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Rajat Moury already explained the steps. I will tell you what to do if your router IP address is not 192.168.1.1. Follow these steps to get your default gateway address:1. Go to Contol Panel.In Windows 7, click on Start button, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.On Windows 8, take your cursor to top right corner of the screen. A sidebar will appear from right side. Click on magnifying lens (Search) icon. Click on it, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.2. Once in Control panel, go to Network and Sharing Center.Make sure to choose View by: Large icons in top right corContinue ReadingRajat Moury already explained the steps. I will tell you what to do if your router IP address is not 192.168.1.1. Follow these steps to get your default gateway address:1. Go to Contol Panel.In Windows 7, click on Start button, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.On Windows 8, take your cursor to top right corner of the screen. A sidebar will appear from right side. Click on magnifying lens (Search) icon. Click on it, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.2. Once in Control panel, go to Network and Sharing Center.Make sure to choose View by: Large icons in top right corner of Control Panel Window.3. Your Wi-Fi adapter will be shown. It will be clickable link. I am using Ethernet, but you should look for Wi-Fi. It can be with the name Local Area Connection or something. 4. Click on it. A new popup window will appear. Click on Details. 5. Again a window will appear. Look for Default IPv4 address in that window. That is the default IP address of your Wi-Fi router. Once you obtain this address, follow Rajat Moury s steps to change Wi-Fi password. Thanks for the A2A.","ajat Moury already explained the steps. I will tell you what to do if your router IP address is not 192.168.1.1. Follow these steps to get your default gateway address:1. Go to Contol Panel.In Windows 7, click on Start button, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.On Windows 8, take your cursor to top right corner of the screen. A sidebar will appear from right side. Click on magnifying lens (Search) icon. Click on it, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.2. Once in Control panel, go to Network and Sharing Center.Make sure to choose View by: Large icons in top right corContinue ReadingRajat Moury already explained the steps. I will tell you what to do if your router IP address is not 192.168.1.1. Follow these steps to get your default gateway address:1. Go to Contol Panel.In Windows 7, click on Start button, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.On Windows 8, take your cursor to top right corner of the screen. A sidebar will appear from right side. Click on magnifying lens (Search) icon. Click on it, type control panel in search box and hit Enter.2. Once in Control panel, go to Network and Sharing Center.Make sure to choose View by: Large icons in top right corner of Control Panel Window.3. Your Wi-Fi adapter will be shown. It will be clickable link. I am using Ethernet, but you should look for Wi-Fi. It can be with the name Local Area Connection or something. 4. Click on it. A new popup window will appear. Click on Details. 5. Again a window will appear. Look for Default IPv4 address in that window. That is the default IP address of your Wi-Fi router. Once you obtain this address, follow Rajat Moury s steps to change Wi-Fi password. Thanks for the A2A. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","How to change your Wi-Fi password 1. Using any internet browser on a Mac or PC, open your routers configuration page. To do this, youll need to type in your routers default IP address. This is typically 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1, though you should check your specific routers details, as this may differ. Its often written on the bottom or side of the router, listed as either an IP address or an access URL. 2. Log into your router using its username and password. The username and password are often admin or userAdmin by default, but check with your routers manufacturer or internet serContinue ReadingHow to change your Wi-Fi password 1. Using any internet browser on a Mac or PC, open your routers configuration page. To do this, youll need to type in your routers default IP address. This is typically 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1, though you should check your specific routers details, as this may differ. Its often written on the bottom or side of the router, listed as either an IP address or an access URL. 2. Log into your router using its username and password. The username and password are often admin or userAdmin by default, but check with your routers manufacturer or internet service provider if this doesnt work. Alternately, the login information can sometimes be found on the bottom of the router itself. Some routers will only ask you for a password, while others will ask you for both a password and username. 3. Once logged in, locate the Wireless or Wireless Security option. Itll likely be listed either at the top or left side of the page. 4. In the Wi-Fi Password or Key box, enter the password you want your connection to have. The safest passwords are long, and contain a mix of letters, numbers, and symbols. Youll likely be able to change your Wi-Fi networks public name (SSID) here, too. 5. Once your changes are completed, scroll down and click Save to save the changes. The Wi-Fi password will then be changed immediately. Once youve changed the password, the devices youve connected to that network may be disconnected. If this happens, youll need to reconnect them with the new password. If you find yourself lost, contact your routers manufacturer. If you received your router from your internet service provider, such as Spectrum or Xfinity, you can try contacting them as well.","ow to change your Wi-Fi password 1. Using any internet browser on a Mac or PC, open your routers configuration page. To do this, youll need to type in your routers default IP address. This is typically 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1, though you should check your specific routers details, as this may differ. Its often written on the bottom or side of the router, listed as either an IP address or an access URL. 2. Log into your router using its username and password. The username and password are often admin or userAdmin by default, but check with your routers manufacturer or internet serContinue ReadingHow to change your Wi-Fi password 1. Using any internet browser on a Mac or PC, open your routers configuration page. To do this, youll need to type in your routers default IP address. This is typically 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.0.1, though you should check your specific routers details, as this may differ. Its often written on the bottom or side of the router, listed as either an IP address or an access URL. 2. Log into your router using its username and password. The username and password are often admin or userAdmin by default, but check with your routers manufacturer or internet service provider if this doesnt work. Alternately, the login information can sometimes be found on the bottom of the router itself. Some routers will only ask you for a password, while others will ask you for both a password and username. 3. Once logged in, locate the Wireless or Wireless Security option. Itll likely be listed either at the top or left side of the page. 4. In the Wi-Fi Password or Key box, enter the password you want your connection to have. The safest passwords are long, and contain a mix of letters, numbers, and symbols. Youll likely be able to change your Wi-Fi networks public name (SSID) here, too. 5. Once your changes are completed, scroll down and click Save to save the changes. The Wi-Fi password will then be changed immediately. Once youve changed the password, the devices youve connected to that network may be disconnected. If this happens, youll need to reconnect them with the new password. If you find yourself lost, contact your routers manufacturer. If you received your router from your internet service provider, such as Spectrum or Xfinity, you can try contacting them as well. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The process of changing your Wi-Fi password depends on the type of router you have. Here are the general steps to change the password for a Wi-Fi network:Access the routers web interface: To access the routers web interface, you will need to open a web browser and enter the IP address of your router into the address bar. The IP address can typically be found on the bottom or back of the router, or by searching online for the specific model of your router.Log in to the router: Once you have accessed the routers web interface, you will be prompted to log in. The username and password are usuaContinue ReadingThe process of changing your Wi-Fi password depends on the type of router you have. Here are the general steps to change the password for a Wi-Fi network:Access the routers web interface: To access the routers web interface, you will need to open a web browser and enter the IP address of your router into the address bar. The IP address can typically be found on the bottom or back of the router, or by searching online for the specific model of your router.Log in to the router: Once you have accessed the routers web interface, you will be prompted to log in. The username and password are usually listed on the bottom or back of the router, or in the manual that came with the router.Find the Wi-Fi settings: Once you have logged in, navigate to the Wi-Fi settings page, which is usually found under the Wireless or Wi-Fi section of the routers web interface.Change the password: Look for the option to change the password or network key for your Wi-Fi network. Enter the new password in the appropriate field and save the changes.Reconnect devices: After you have changed the password, you will need to reconnect all of your devices to the Wi-Fi network using the new password.","he process of changing your Wi-Fi password depends on the type of router you have. Here are the general steps to change the password for a Wi-Fi network:Access the routers web interface: To access the routers web interface, you will need to open a web browser and enter the IP address of your router into the address bar. The IP address can typically be found on the bottom or back of the router, or by searching online for the specific model of your router.Log in to the router: Once you have accessed the routers web interface, you will be prompted to log in. The username and password are usuaContinue ReadingThe process of changing your Wi-Fi password depends on the type of router you have. Here are the general steps to change the password for a Wi-Fi network:Access the routers web interface: To access the routers web interface, you will need to open a web browser and enter the IP address of your router into the address bar. The IP address can typically be found on the bottom or back of the router, or by searching online for the specific model of your router.Log in to the router: Once you have accessed the routers web interface, you will be prompted to log in. The username and password are usually listed on the bottom or back of the router, or in the manual that came with the router.Find the Wi-Fi settings: Once you have logged in, navigate to the Wi-Fi settings page, which is usually found under the Wireless or Wi-Fi section of the routers web interface.Change the password: Look for the option to change the password or network key for your Wi-Fi network. Enter the new password in the appropriate field and save the changes.Reconnect devices: After you have changed the password, you will need to reconnect all of your devices to the Wi-Fi network using the new password. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","asparagus"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Standing up. No, not you. I mean the asparagus. There are special asparagus pans which are tall and thin, with a steel basket inside where you can cook the asparagus in water with the tips upward and carefully (and above all gently) lift the cooked asparagus out once they’re done. Pans like this, for instance → link If you use a huge wide pan, the asparagi will tend to be jostled around by the boiling water and the delicious tips are usually the first parts to disintegrate. Then you have some rather sad and droopy headless asparagi. Meh. Oh, and go to the effort, if you’re going to do it properly, Continue ReadingStanding up. No, not you. I mean the asparagus. There are special asparagus pans which are tall and thin, with a steel basket inside where you can cook the asparagus in water with the tips upward and carefully (and above all gently) lift the cooked asparagus out once they’re done. Pans like this, for instance → link If you use a huge wide pan, the asparagi will tend to be jostled around by the boiling water and the delicious tips are usually the first parts to disintegrate. Then you have some rather sad and droopy headless asparagi. Meh. Oh, and go to the effort, if you’re going to do it properly, to make your own, fresh Hollandaise. There is simply no comparison to the stuff out of the packet/pack. The difference is quite breathtaking. Yeah, it’s not the easiest thing to make, but with a little practice, it’s no big deal.","tanding up. No, not you. I mean the asparagus. There are special asparagus pans which are tall and thin, with a steel basket inside where you can cook the asparagus in water with the tips upward and carefully (and above all gently) lift the cooked asparagus out once they’re done. Pans like this, for instance → link If you use a huge wide pan, the asparagi will tend to be jostled around by the boiling water and the delicious tips are usually the first parts to disintegrate. Then you have some rather sad and droopy headless asparagi. Meh. Oh, and go to the effort, if you’re going to do it properly, Continue ReadingStanding up. No, not you. I mean the asparagus. There are special asparagus pans which are tall and thin, with a steel basket inside where you can cook the asparagus in water with the tips upward and carefully (and above all gently) lift the cooked asparagus out once they’re done. Pans like this, for instance → link If you use a huge wide pan, the asparagi will tend to be jostled around by the boiling water and the delicious tips are usually the first parts to disintegrate. Then you have some rather sad and droopy headless asparagi. Meh. Oh, and go to the effort, if you’re going to do it properly, to make your own, fresh Hollandaise. There is simply no comparison to the stuff out of the packet/pack. The difference is quite breathtaking. Yeah, it’s not the easiest thing to make, but with a little practice, it’s no big deal. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It’s super easy. First rinse off asparagus and if you are not using it immediately I recommend that you snap the bottom ends off(hold under the flower top with both hands, the asparagus will snap where it’s perfect). {see pictures below}. Place asparagus bottoms in water until you cook them. I usually put them in a tea pitcher with a few inches of cold water. Then heat cast iron skillet with butter and chopped garlic. Brown butter and garlic, then add asparagus, sauté for 14 minutes covered in between stirring. Add salt and pepper to taste and place lemon wheels on steaming asparagus. I recommContinue ReadingIt’s super easy. First rinse off asparagus and if you are not using it immediately I recommend that you snap the bottom ends off(hold under the flower top with both hands, the asparagus will snap where it’s perfect). {see pictures below}. Place asparagus bottoms in water until you cook them. I usually put them in a tea pitcher with a few inches of cold water. Then heat cast iron skillet with butter and chopped garlic. Brown butter and garlic, then add asparagus, sauté for 14 minutes covered in between stirring. Add salt and pepper to taste and place lemon wheels on steaming asparagus. I recommend taking one out of the skillet and trying it. To make sure it’s cooked to your preference.     All done! Enjoy!","It’s super easy. First rinse off asparagus and if you are not using it immediately I recommend that you snap the bottom ends off(hold under the flower top with both hands, the asparagus will snap where it’s perfect). {see pictures below}. Place asparagus bottoms in water until you cook them. I usually put them in a tea pitcher with a few inches of cold water. Then heat cast iron skillet with butter and chopped garlic. Brown butter and garlic, then add asparagus, sauté for 14 minutes covered in between stirring. Add salt and pepper to taste and place lemon wheels on steaming asparagus. I recommContinue ReadingIt’s super easy. First rinse off asparagus and if you are not using it immediately I recommend that you snap the bottom ends off(hold under the flower top with both hands, the asparagus will snap where it’s perfect). {see pictures below}. Place asparagus bottoms in water until you cook them. I usually put them in a tea pitcher with a few inches of cold water. Then heat cast iron skillet with butter and chopped garlic. Brown butter and garlic, then add asparagus, sauté for 14 minutes covered in between stirring. Add salt and pepper to taste and place lemon wheels on steaming asparagus. I recommend taking one out of the skillet and trying it. To make sure it’s cooked to your preference.     All done! Enjoy! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Tough parts peeled or trimmed away. Tossed quickly in a very hot saute pan with a small amount of olive oil to coat. Then a healthy slug of white wine is added to the pan and immediately covered. When the wine has evaporated, drizzle with lemon juice and some melted butter. Serve immediately. The notion is to heat the asparagus rather than cook it. Overcooked it rapidly becomes mushy and develops undesirable flavors. I find that asparagus prepared as described above is liked by many including some that normally dislike this plant.","ough parts peeled or trimmed away. Tossed quickly in a very hot saute pan with a small amount of olive oil to coat. Then a healthy slug of white wine is added to the pan and immediately covered. When the wine has evaporated, drizzle with lemon juice and some melted butter. Serve immediately. The notion is to heat the asparagus rather than cook it. Overcooked it rapidly becomes mushy and develops undesirable flavors. I find that asparagus prepared as described above is liked by many including some that normally dislike this plant. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('cups')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","pint"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 2 cups in a pint. In the United States, a pint is commonly defined as 16 fluid ounces, and since there are 8 fluid ounces in a cup, 16 divided by 8 equals 2 cups. In some other countries, like the United Kingdom, the imperial pint is larger, containing 20 fluid ounces, but it still contains 2 cups, as each cup is defined as 10 fluid ounces in this system.","here are 2 cups in a pint. In the United States, a pint is commonly defined as 16 fluid ounces, and since there are 8 fluid ounces in a cup, 16 divided by 8 equals 2 cups. In some other countries, like the United Kingdom, the imperial pint is larger, containing 20 fluid ounces, but it still contains 2 cups, as each cup is defined as 10 fluid ounces in this system. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are US pints and UK pints. The US pint has 16 fluid ounces and the UK pint has 20 fluid ounces. I do not know what happened when Britain joined the European Common Market. My standard cooks measuring scoops show me that a cup has 250 millilitres. A US pint has 473 mls and a UK pint has 568mls so in UK a pint is more that 2 metric cups and in US it is less than 2 metric cups. Confusing isn’t it? That is why I stick with metrics, and thankfully Australia went metric in 1970.","here are US pints and UK pints. The US pint has 16 fluid ounces and the UK pint has 20 fluid ounces. I do not know what happened when Britain joined the European Common Market. My standard cooks measuring scoops show me that a cup has 250 millilitres. A US pint has 473 mls and a UK pint has 568mls so in UK a pint is more that 2 metric cups and in US it is less than 2 metric cups. Confusing isn’t it? That is why I stick with metrics, and thankfully Australia went metric in 1970. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","An American standard measuring cup is 8 fluid ounces. An American standard pint is 16 fluid ounces. I hope you can manage the arithmetic on your own.","n American standard measuring cup is 8 fluid ounces. An American standard pint is 16 fluid ounces. I hope you can manage the arithmetic on your own. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('square')|","|pal:NRT('feet')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","acre"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"An acre is equivalent to 43,560 square feet. To find one-third (1/3) of an acre in square feet, you can simply divide the total number of square feet in an acre by 3: 43,560 square feet (1 acre) / 3 = 14,520 square feet So, one-third of an acre is equal to 14,520 square feet.","n acre is equivalent to 43,560 square feet. To find one-third (1/3) of an acre in square feet, you can simply divide the total number of square feet in an acre by 3: 43,560 square feet (1 acre) / 3 = 14,520 square feet So, one-third of an acre is equal to 14,520 square feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","When figuring out how many square feet are in a third of an acre, it depends on how you want to slice up that acre. An acre is 43,560 square feet, so one-third of an acre would be 14,520 square feet. However, if you cut an acre into thirds horizontally, youd have three strips of land, each 1,461 square feet wide and 43,560 square feet long. And if you divide an acre into thirds vertically, youd have three strips of land, each 14,520 square feet wide and 14,520 square feet long. So it just depends on how you want to divide up that acre!","When figuring out how many square feet are in a third of an acre, it depends on how you want to slice up that acre. An acre is 43,560 square feet, so one-third of an acre would be 14,520 square feet. However, if you cut an acre into thirds horizontally, youd have three strips of land, each 1,461 square feet wide and 43,560 square feet long. And if you divide an acre into thirds vertically, youd have three strips of land, each 14,520 square feet wide and 14,520 square feet long. So it just depends on how you want to divide up that acre! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","An acre is the equivalent of 43,560 square feet . When you divide that number by 3 you will then know how many square feet are in one third of an acre . Your answer is 14,520 square feet in one third of an acre .","n acre is the equivalent of 43,560 square feet . When you divide that number by 3 you will then know how many square feet are in one third of an acre . Your answer is 14,520 square feet in one third of an acre . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('change')|","|pal:NRT('gmail')|","password"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"̾ ̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾e̾s̾t̾ ̾p̾r̾i̾v̾a̾t̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾v̾e̾s̾t̾i̾g̾a̾t̾o̾r̾ ̾i̾ ̾h̾a̾v̾e̾ ̾m̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾n̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾l̾i̾f̾e̾ ̾h̾a̾p̾p̾e̾n̾s̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾b̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾c̾o̾g̾n̾i̾t̾o̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾v̾e̾r̾i̾f̾i̾e̾d̾ ̾a̾n̾a̾l̾y̾s̾t̾,̾ ̾w̾h̾e̾n̾ ̾i̾ ̾n̾e̾e̾d̾e̾d̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾a̾c̾c̾e̾s̾s̾i̾n̾g̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾s̾p̾o̾u̾s̾e̾’̾s̾ ̾p̾h̾o̾n̾e̾ ̾h̾e̾ ̾c̾a̾m̾e̾ ̾t̾h̾r̾o̾u̾g̾h̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾m̾e̾ ̾I̾ ̾c̾a̾n̾ ̾f̾u̾l̾l̾y̾ ̾r̾e̾c̾o̾m̾m̾e̾n̾d̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾w̾i̾t̾h̾ ̾c̾o̾n̾f̾i̾d̾e̾n̾c̾e̾,̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾t̾o̾o̾k̾ ̾t̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾d̾u̾d̾e̾ ̾a̾b̾o̾u̾t̾ ̾3̾ ̾h̾o̾u̾r̾s̾ ̾m̾a̾x̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾g̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾s̾e̾t̾t̾l̾e̾d̾ ̾‘̾ ̾C̾o̾n̾t̾a̾c̾t̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾o̾n̾ ̾h̾Continue Reading̾ ̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾e̾s̾t̾ ̾p̾r̾i̾v̾a̾t̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾v̾e̾s̾t̾i̾g̾a̾t̾o̾r̾ ̾i̾ ̾h̾a̾v̾e̾ ̾m̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾n̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾l̾i̾f̾e̾ ̾h̾a̾p̾p̾e̾n̾s̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾b̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾c̾o̾g̾n̾i̾t̾o̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾v̾e̾r̾i̾f̾i̾e̾d̾ ̾a̾n̾a̾l̾y̾s̾t̾,̾ ̾w̾h̾e̾n̾ ̾i̾ ̾n̾e̾e̾d̾e̾d̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾a̾c̾c̾e̾s̾s̾i̾n̾g̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾s̾p̾o̾u̾s̾e̾’̾s̾ ̾p̾h̾o̾n̾e̾ ̾h̾e̾ ̾c̾a̾m̾e̾ ̾t̾h̾r̾o̾u̾g̾h̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾m̾e̾ ̾I̾ ̾c̾a̾n̾ ̾f̾u̾l̾l̾y̾ ̾r̾e̾c̾o̾m̾m̾e̾n̾d̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾w̾i̾t̾h̾ ̾c̾o̾n̾f̾i̾d̾e̾n̾c̾e̾,̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾t̾o̾o̾k̾ ̾t̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾d̾u̾d̾e̾ ̾a̾b̾o̾u̾t̾ ̾3̾ ̾h̾o̾u̾r̾s̾ ̾m̾a̾x̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾g̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾s̾e̾t̾t̾l̾e̾d̾ ̾‘̾ ̾C̾o̾n̾t̾a̾c̾t̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾o̾n̾ ̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾h̾o̾t̾l̾i̾n̾e̾s̾ ̾:̾ ̾ ̾ ̾W̾E̾B̾:̾ ̾I̾N̾C̾O̾G̾N̾I̾T̾O̾H̾A̾C̾K̾E̾R̾S̾.̾ ̾C̾O̾M̾ ̾ ̾E̾M̾A̾I̾L̾:̾ ̾I̾C̾G̾H̾A̾C̾K̾E̾R̾S̾@̾G̾M̾A̾I̾L̾.̾ ̾C̾O̾M̾ ̾","̾ ̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾e̾s̾t̾ ̾p̾r̾i̾v̾a̾t̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾v̾e̾s̾t̾i̾g̾a̾t̾o̾r̾ ̾i̾ ̾h̾a̾v̾e̾ ̾m̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾n̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾l̾i̾f̾e̾ ̾h̾a̾p̾p̾e̾n̾s̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾b̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾c̾o̾g̾n̾i̾t̾o̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾v̾e̾r̾i̾f̾i̾e̾d̾ ̾a̾n̾a̾l̾y̾s̾t̾,̾ ̾w̾h̾e̾n̾ ̾i̾ ̾n̾e̾e̾d̾e̾d̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾a̾c̾c̾e̾s̾s̾i̾n̾g̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾s̾p̾o̾u̾s̾e̾’̾s̾ ̾p̾h̾o̾n̾e̾ ̾h̾e̾ ̾c̾a̾m̾e̾ ̾t̾h̾r̾o̾u̾g̾h̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾m̾e̾ ̾I̾ ̾c̾a̾n̾ ̾f̾u̾l̾l̾y̾ ̾r̾e̾c̾o̾m̾m̾e̾n̾d̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾w̾i̾t̾h̾ ̾c̾o̾n̾f̾i̾d̾e̾n̾c̾e̾,̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾t̾o̾o̾k̾ ̾t̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾d̾u̾d̾e̾ ̾a̾b̾o̾u̾t̾ ̾3̾ ̾h̾o̾u̾r̾s̾ ̾m̾a̾x̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾g̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾s̾e̾t̾t̾l̾e̾d̾ ̾‘̾ ̾C̾o̾n̾t̾a̾c̾t̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾o̾n̾ ̾h̾Continue Reading̾ ̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾e̾s̾t̾ ̾p̾r̾i̾v̾a̾t̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾v̾e̾s̾t̾i̾g̾a̾t̾o̾r̾ ̾i̾ ̾h̾a̾v̾e̾ ̾m̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾n̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾l̾i̾f̾e̾ ̾h̾a̾p̾p̾e̾n̾s̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾b̾e̾ ̾i̾n̾c̾o̾g̾n̾i̾t̾o̾ ̾t̾h̾e̾ ̾v̾e̾r̾i̾f̾i̾e̾d̾ ̾a̾n̾a̾l̾y̾s̾t̾,̾ ̾w̾h̾e̾n̾ ̾i̾ ̾n̾e̾e̾d̾e̾d̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾a̾c̾c̾e̾s̾s̾i̾n̾g̾ ̾m̾y̾ ̾s̾p̾o̾u̾s̾e̾’̾s̾ ̾p̾h̾o̾n̾e̾ ̾h̾e̾ ̾c̾a̾m̾e̾ ̾t̾h̾r̾o̾u̾g̾h̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾m̾e̾ ̾I̾ ̾c̾a̾n̾ ̾f̾u̾l̾l̾y̾ ̾r̾e̾c̾o̾m̾m̾e̾n̾d̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾w̾i̾t̾h̾ ̾c̾o̾n̾f̾i̾d̾e̾n̾c̾e̾,̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾t̾o̾o̾k̾ ̾t̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾d̾u̾d̾e̾ ̾a̾b̾o̾u̾t̾ ̾3̾ ̾h̾o̾u̾r̾s̾ ̾m̾a̾x̾ ̾t̾o̾ ̾g̾e̾t̾ ̾i̾t̾ ̾s̾e̾t̾t̾l̾e̾d̾ ̾‘̾ ̾C̾o̾n̾t̾a̾c̾t̾ ̾h̾i̾m̾ ̾f̾o̾r̾ ̾f̾a̾s̾t̾ ̾h̾e̾l̾p̾ ̾o̾n̾ ̾h̾i̾s̾ ̾h̾o̾t̾l̾i̾n̾e̾s̾ ̾:̾ ̾ ̾ ̾W̾E̾B̾:̾ ̾I̾N̾C̾O̾G̾N̾I̾T̾O̾H̾A̾C̾K̾E̾R̾S̾.̾ ̾C̾O̾M̾ ̾ ̾E̾M̾A̾I̾L̾:̾ ̾I̾C̾G̾H̾A̾C̾K̾E̾R̾S̾@̾G̾M̾A̾I̾L̾.̾ ̾C̾O̾M̾ ̾ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","̲ ̲ ̲ ̲ ̲T̲o̲ ̲r̲e̲t̲r̲i̲e̲v̲e̲ ̲s̲o̲m̲e̲o̲n̲e̲’̲s̲ ̲t̲e̲x̲t̲ ̲ ̲r̲e̲m̲o̲t̲e̲l̲y̲ ̲a̲n̲d̲ ̲w̲i̲t̲h̲ ̲n̲o̲ ̲ ̲s̲u̲s̲p̲i̲c̲i̲o̲n̲s̲ ̲y̲o̲u̲ ̲s̲h̲o̲u̲l̲d̲ ̲c̲o̲n̲t̲a̲c̲t̲ ̲ ̲I̲C̲G̲ ̲t̲h̲e̲ ̲v̲e̲r̲i̲f̲i̲e̲d̲ ̲h̲a̲c̲k̲e̲r̲ ̲ ̲o̲n̲ ̲G̲M̲A̲I̲L̲ ̲ ̲ ̲I̲C̲G̲H̲A̲C̲K̲E̲R̲S̲@̲G̲M̲A̲I̲L̲.̲ ̲C̲O̲M̲ ̲ ̲","̲ ̲ ̲ ̲ ̲T̲o̲ ̲r̲e̲t̲r̲i̲e̲v̲e̲ ̲s̲o̲m̲e̲o̲n̲e̲’̲s̲ ̲t̲e̲x̲t̲ ̲ ̲r̲e̲m̲o̲t̲e̲l̲y̲ ̲a̲n̲d̲ ̲w̲i̲t̲h̲ ̲n̲o̲ ̲ ̲s̲u̲s̲p̲i̲c̲i̲o̲n̲s̲ ̲y̲o̲u̲ ̲s̲h̲o̲u̲l̲d̲ ̲c̲o̲n̲t̲a̲c̲t̲ ̲ ̲I̲C̲G̲ ̲t̲h̲e̲ ̲v̲e̲r̲i̲f̲i̲e̲d̲ ̲h̲a̲c̲k̲e̲r̲ ̲ ̲o̲n̲ ̲G̲M̲A̲I̲L̲ ̲ ̲ ̲I̲C̲G̲H̲A̲C̲K̲E̲R̲S̲@̲G̲M̲A̲I̲L̲.̲ ̲C̲O̲M̲ ̲ ̲ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","͎ ͎I͎f͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎t͎r͎a͎c͎k͎ ͎a͎ ͎c͎h͎e͎a͎t͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎,͎ ͎o͎r͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎o͎n͎i͎t͎o͎r͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎r͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎.͎ ͎I͎ ͎s͎u͎g͎g͎e͎s͎t͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎g͎i͎v͎e͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎a͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎(͎ ͎H͎A͎C͎K͎E͎R͎T͎O͎R͎V͎I͎ ͎)͎ ͎T͎o͎r͎v͎i͎ ͎h͎e͎l͎p͎e͎d͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎g͎a͎i͎n͎ ͎a͎c͎c͎e͎s͎s͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎y͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎,͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎d͎i͎d͎ ͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎r͎e͎m͎o͎t͎e͎l͎y͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎i͎s͎ ͎s͎u͎c͎h͎ ͎a͎ ͎r͎e͎l͎i͎a͎b͎l͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎I͎ ͎w͎o͎u͎l͎d͎ ͎r͎e͎c͎o͎m͎m͎e͎n͎d͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎u͎s͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎tContinue Reading͎ ͎I͎f͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎t͎r͎a͎c͎k͎ ͎a͎ ͎c͎h͎e͎a͎t͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎,͎ ͎o͎r͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎o͎n͎i͎t͎o͎r͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎r͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎.͎ ͎I͎ ͎s͎u͎g͎g͎e͎s͎t͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎g͎i͎v͎e͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎a͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎(͎ ͎H͎A͎C͎K͎E͎R͎T͎O͎R͎V͎I͎ ͎)͎ ͎T͎o͎r͎v͎i͎ ͎h͎e͎l͎p͎e͎d͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎g͎a͎i͎n͎ ͎a͎c͎c͎e͎s͎s͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎y͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎,͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎d͎i͎d͎ ͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎r͎e͎m͎o͎t͎e͎l͎y͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎i͎s͎ ͎s͎u͎c͎h͎ ͎a͎ ͎r͎e͎l͎i͎a͎b͎l͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎I͎ ͎w͎o͎u͎l͎d͎ ͎r͎e͎c͎o͎m͎m͎e͎n͎d͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎u͎s͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎t͎o͎d͎a͎y͎ ͎U͎s͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎t͎h͎a͎n͎k͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎l͎a͎t͎e͎r͎ ͎ ͎ ͎ ͎C͎o͎n͎t͎a͎c͎t͎:͎ ͎ ͎ ͎�͎�͎E͎m͎a͎i͎l͎ ͎-͎ ͎H͎a͎c͎k͎e͎r͎t͎o͎r͎v͎i͎@͎g͎m͎a͎i͎l͎.͎c͎o͎m͎ ͎ ͎ ͎�͎�͎C͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎S͎M͎S͎:͎ ͎+͎1͎-͎2͎1͎5͎-͎2͎7͎5͎‑͎2͎8͎4͎5͎‬͎ ͎ ͎","͎ ͎I͎f͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎t͎r͎a͎c͎k͎ ͎a͎ ͎c͎h͎e͎a͎t͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎,͎ ͎o͎r͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎o͎n͎i͎t͎o͎r͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎r͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎.͎ ͎I͎ ͎s͎u͎g͎g͎e͎s͎t͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎g͎i͎v͎e͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎a͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎(͎ ͎H͎A͎C͎K͎E͎R͎T͎O͎R͎V͎I͎ ͎)͎ ͎T͎o͎r͎v͎i͎ ͎h͎e͎l͎p͎e͎d͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎g͎a͎i͎n͎ ͎a͎c͎c͎e͎s͎s͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎y͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎,͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎d͎i͎d͎ ͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎r͎e͎m͎o͎t͎e͎l͎y͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎i͎s͎ ͎s͎u͎c͎h͎ ͎a͎ ͎r͎e͎l͎i͎a͎b͎l͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎I͎ ͎w͎o͎u͎l͎d͎ ͎r͎e͎c͎o͎m͎m͎e͎n͎d͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎u͎s͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎tContinue Reading͎ ͎I͎f͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎t͎r͎a͎c͎k͎ ͎a͎ ͎c͎h͎e͎a͎t͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎,͎ ͎o͎r͎ ͎n͎e͎e͎d͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎o͎n͎i͎t͎o͎r͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎r͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎.͎ ͎I͎ ͎s͎u͎g͎g͎e͎s͎t͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎g͎i͎v͎e͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎a͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎(͎ ͎H͎A͎C͎K͎E͎R͎T͎O͎R͎V͎I͎ ͎)͎ ͎T͎o͎r͎v͎i͎ ͎h͎e͎l͎p͎e͎d͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎g͎a͎i͎n͎ ͎a͎c͎c͎e͎s͎s͎ ͎t͎o͎ ͎m͎y͎ ͎s͎p͎o͎u͎s͎e͎ ͎d͎e͎v͎i͎c͎e͎,͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎d͎i͎d͎ ͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎o͎f͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎r͎e͎m͎o͎t͎e͎l͎y͎ ͎h͎e͎ ͎i͎s͎ ͎s͎u͎c͎h͎ ͎a͎ ͎r͎e͎l͎i͎a͎b͎l͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎p͎r͎o͎f͎e͎s͎s͎i͎o͎n͎a͎l͎ ͎I͎ ͎w͎o͎u͎l͎d͎ ͎r͎e͎c͎o͎m͎m͎e͎n͎d͎ ͎y͎o͎u͎ ͎t͎r͎y͎ ͎u͎s͎i͎n͎g͎ ͎t͎h͎i͎s͎ ͎t͎e͎a͎m͎ ͎t͎o͎d͎a͎y͎ ͎U͎s͎e͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎t͎h͎a͎n͎k͎ ͎m͎e͎ ͎l͎a͎t͎e͎r͎ ͎ ͎ ͎ ͎C͎o͎n͎t͎a͎c͎t͎:͎ ͎ ͎ ͎�͎�͎E͎m͎a͎i͎l͎ ͎-͎ ͎H͎a͎c͎k͎e͎r͎t͎o͎r͎v͎i͎@͎g͎m͎a͎i͎l͎.͎c͎o͎m͎ ͎ ͎ ͎�͎�͎C͎a͎l͎l͎ ͎a͎n͎d͎ ͎S͎M͎S͎:͎ ͎+͎1͎-͎2͎1͎5͎-͎2͎7͎5͎‑͎2͎8͎4͎5͎‬͎ ͎ ͎ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","𝗜𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗱 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗼 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁 𝗶𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗯𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱? 𝗜𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗰𝘁𝘀 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗹𝗮𝗶𝗻 𝗮𝗯𝗼𝘂𝘁 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗽𝗼𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗯𝗹𝘆 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱｡ 𝗛𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗵𝗮𝘃𝗲 𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗱 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗲𝘀𝘀❟ 𝘀𝗲𝗻𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘀𝗽𝗮𝗺❟ 𝘂𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗶𝘁 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝗶𝗿 𝗼𝘄𝗻 𝗯𝗲𝗻𝗲𝗳𝗶𝘁｡ 𝗬𝗼𝘂 𝗺𝗮𝘆 𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗱𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗹𝗼𝘀𝘀❟ 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗱❟ 𝘂𝗻𝗲𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀❟ 𝗹𝗼𝗴𝗶𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘂𝗻𝘂𝘀𝘂𝗮𝗹 𝗜𝗣 𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗲𝘃𝗶𝗰𝗲𝘀｡ 𝗪𝗲 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗵𝗲𝗹𝗽 𝘁𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗼𝗿𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝘀｡Continue Reading𝗜𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗱 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗼 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁 𝗶𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗯𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱? 𝗜𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗰𝘁𝘀 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗹𝗮𝗶𝗻 𝗮𝗯𝗼𝘂𝘁 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗽𝗼𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗯𝗹𝘆 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱｡ 𝗛𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗵𝗮𝘃𝗲 𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗱 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗲𝘀𝘀❟ 𝘀𝗲𝗻𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘀𝗽𝗮𝗺❟ 𝘂𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗶𝘁 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝗶𝗿 𝗼𝘄𝗻 𝗯𝗲𝗻𝗲𝗳𝗶𝘁｡ 𝗬𝗼𝘂 𝗺𝗮𝘆 𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗱𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗹𝗼𝘀𝘀❟ 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗱❟ 𝘂𝗻𝗲𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀❟ 𝗹𝗼𝗴𝗶𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘂𝗻𝘂𝘀𝘂𝗮𝗹 𝗜𝗣 𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗲𝘃𝗶𝗰𝗲𝘀｡ 𝗪𝗲 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗵𝗲𝗹𝗽 𝘁𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗼𝗿𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝘀｡ 𝗔𝗽𝗮𝗿𝘁 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗿𝗲𝗰𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗚𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘄𝗲 𝗮𝗹𝘀𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝗰𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿: 𝗬𝗮𝗵𝗼𝗼 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹/𝗛𝗼𝘁𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹/ 𝗢𝘂𝘁𝗹𝗼𝗼𝗸 /𝗔𝗢𝗟 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹 /𝗔𝗺𝗮𝘇𝗼𝗻 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗢𝘂𝗿 𝗖𝘆𝗯𝗲𝗿 𝗖𝗼𝗻𝘀𝘂𝗹𝘁𝗮𝗻𝘁 𝘁𝗲𝗮𝗺 𝗶𝘀 𝗮𝗹𝗹 𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝘁𝗼 𝗴𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝗮 𝗾𝘂𝗶𝗰𝗸 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝘀𝗺𝗮𝗿𝘁 𝘀𝗼𝗹𝘂𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻｡ 𝗦𝗶𝗺𝗽𝗹𝘆 𝗿𝗲𝗮𝗰𝗵 𝗼𝘂𝘁! 𝗘𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 : 𝗦𝗽𝗲𝗲𝗱𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝟭𝟰𝟴@𝗴𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹｡𝗰𝗼𝗺 𝗧𝗲𝘅𝘁/𝗧𝗲𝗹𝗲𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗺: +𝟭 (𝟯𝟭𝟯)-𝟯𝟮𝟲-𝟱𝟱𝟯𝟬 𝗧𝗲𝘅𝘁/𝗪𝗵𝗮𝘁𝘀𝗔𝗽𝗽 :+𝟭 (𝟵𝟳𝟴)𝟳𝟴𝟱-𝟵𝟱𝟲𝟭","𝗜𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗱 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗼 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁 𝗶𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗯𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱? 𝗜𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗰𝘁𝘀 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗹𝗮𝗶𝗻 𝗮𝗯𝗼𝘂𝘁 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗽𝗼𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗯𝗹𝘆 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱｡ 𝗛𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗵𝗮𝘃𝗲 𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗱 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗲𝘀𝘀❟ 𝘀𝗲𝗻𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘀𝗽𝗮𝗺❟ 𝘂𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗶𝘁 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝗶𝗿 𝗼𝘄𝗻 𝗯𝗲𝗻𝗲𝗳𝗶𝘁｡ 𝗬𝗼𝘂 𝗺𝗮𝘆 𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗱𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗹𝗼𝘀𝘀❟ 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗱❟ 𝘂𝗻𝗲𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀❟ 𝗹𝗼𝗴𝗶𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘂𝗻𝘂𝘀𝘂𝗮𝗹 𝗜𝗣 𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗲𝘃𝗶𝗰𝗲𝘀｡ 𝗪𝗲 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗵𝗲𝗹𝗽 𝘁𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗼𝗿𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝘀｡Continue Reading𝗜𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗱 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗼 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁 𝗶𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗯𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱? 𝗜𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗰𝘁𝘀 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗹𝗮𝗶𝗻 𝗮𝗯𝗼𝘂𝘁 𝘀𝘂𝘀𝗽𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗽𝗼𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗯𝗹𝘆 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗲𝗱｡ 𝗛𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗵𝗮𝘃𝗲 𝗴𝗮𝗶𝗻𝗲𝗱 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗲𝘀𝘀❟ 𝘀𝗲𝗻𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘀𝗽𝗮𝗺❟ 𝘂𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗶𝘁 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘁𝗵𝗲𝗶𝗿 𝗼𝘄𝗻 𝗯𝗲𝗻𝗲𝗳𝗶𝘁｡ 𝗬𝗼𝘂 𝗺𝗮𝘆 𝗲𝗻𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗱𝗮𝘁𝗮 𝗹𝗼𝘀𝘀❟ 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗱❟ 𝘂𝗻𝗲𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗽𝗮𝘀𝘀𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗱 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹𝘀❟ 𝗹𝗼𝗴𝗶𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝘂𝗻𝘂𝘀𝘂𝗮𝗹 𝗜𝗣 𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗲𝘃𝗶𝗰𝗲𝘀｡ 𝗪𝗲 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗵𝗲𝗹𝗽 𝘁𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗼𝗿𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗲𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁𝘀｡ 𝗔𝗽𝗮𝗿𝘁 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗿𝗲𝗰𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗚𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗮𝗰𝗰𝗼𝘂𝗻𝘁❟ 𝘄𝗲 𝗮𝗹𝘀𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝗰𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿: 𝗬𝗮𝗵𝗼𝗼 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹/𝗛𝗼𝘁𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹/ 𝗢𝘂𝘁𝗹𝗼𝗼𝗸 /𝗔𝗢𝗟 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹 /𝗔𝗺𝗮𝘇𝗼𝗻 𝗠𝗮𝗶𝗹 𝗢𝘂𝗿 𝗖𝘆𝗯𝗲𝗿 𝗖𝗼𝗻𝘀𝘂𝗹𝘁𝗮𝗻𝘁 𝘁𝗲𝗮𝗺 𝗶𝘀 𝗮𝗹𝗹 𝘀𝗲𝘁 𝘁𝗼 𝗴𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝗮 𝗾𝘂𝗶𝗰𝗸 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝘀𝗺𝗮𝗿𝘁 𝘀𝗼𝗹𝘂𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻｡ 𝗦𝗶𝗺𝗽𝗹𝘆 𝗿𝗲𝗮𝗰𝗵 𝗼𝘂𝘁! 𝗘𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹 : 𝗦𝗽𝗲𝗲𝗱𝗵𝗮𝗰𝗸𝗲𝗿𝟭𝟰𝟴@𝗴𝗺𝗮𝗶𝗹｡𝗰𝗼𝗺 𝗧𝗲𝘅𝘁/𝗧𝗲𝗹𝗲𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗺: +𝟭 (𝟯𝟭𝟯)-𝟯𝟮𝟲-𝟱𝟱𝟯𝟬 𝗧𝗲𝘅𝘁/𝗪𝗵𝗮𝘁𝘀𝗔𝗽𝗽 :+𝟭 (𝟵𝟳𝟴)𝟳𝟴𝟱-𝟵𝟱𝟲𝟭 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('change')|","|pal:NRT('outlook')|","adress"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"This really depends on the girl, as well as her background. Mexican girls come from a rich culture and background, which to foreigners is viewed as passionate, affectionate, wild, etc. So it’s important to take these factors into consideration.We are portrayed as feisty, jealous, sex-crazed, hot tempered females, which isn’t always true. Mexican girls typically come from Catholic backgrounds, so if you’re interested in Mexican girls simply because you expect her to jump into bed with you after the first date, don’t, because she most likely won’t. Yes our culture is passionate but sex is still Continue ReadingThis really depends on the girl, as well as her background. Mexican girls come from a rich culture and background, which to foreigners is viewed as passionate, affectionate, wild, etc. So it’s important to take these factors into consideration.We are portrayed as feisty, jealous, sex-crazed, hot tempered females, which isn’t always true. Mexican girls typically come from Catholic backgrounds, so if you’re interested in Mexican girls simply because you expect her to jump into bed with you after the first date, don’t, because she most likely won’t. Yes our culture is passionate but sex is still sex and we’re not all like the Latinas portrayed on tv that are willing to give it to you the moment you meet us, but once we do it’s probably going to seem like the stereotypes of “amazing sex” is true simply for the fact that we are open to trying new things, use it as a love language, and not only want to please our partner but ourselves as well. We take pride in our sexuality and femininity, but it’s important to remember we aren’t there to play into your fetish or fantasy many men seem to have about Latinas.Most Mexican girls will know how to drink and love to party because we’ve been conditioned from a young age to do so, meaning you’ll definitely never be bored and will be dragged to many family parties. Mexican parties are well known for being some of the best consisting of amazing food, tequila, cumbias, rancheras, etc. So have fun!A lot of Mexican girls take pride in their appearance and actually enjoy looking good not only for their partner but just to feel confident in general, so don’t be surprised if your girl wears heels simply to go shopping, many of us were put in them before we could even walk!You will most likely pick up on some Spanish as most Mexican girls come from a Spanish speaking background and use it within their families. Spanish is a beautiful language and I suggest trying to learn it if you are in a serious relationship with a Mexican girl (or Latina in general) as it would definitely win you some points with her AND the family, and believe me most of us care deeply of what our parents think.Our culture is passionate so don’t be surprised if a Mexican girl is more affectionate then you’re used to, many may show their love through cooking, dancing, touching, kissing, etc it’s how we express ourselves, so just enjoy it :)“I’m not yelling, I’m Mexican” We can be very loud at times and are not shy about expressing our feelings, I suppose this is where the “hot tempered spicy Latina” stereotype comes from, this can be a win or lose situation as we will express if we are happy or unhappy, but at least you won’t have to guess how we’re feeling and tiptoe around our emotions.We have a caballero (gentleman) expectation! Our culture is very traditional and many of us grew up with specific gender roles, this means that a man is expected to act courteous, polite, and respectful, even if it’s simple acts such as opening the door for us, walking on the side closest to the street, sending flowers, etc. Girls want to date Mexican men because they treat their girls like reinas (queens), in fact this is how many Hispanic men refer to their women (“mi reina”) so don’t forget to treat your girl the way she should be, because their is always someone from our own community who will be willing to do it for you.You’ll NEVER be hungry. Most Mexican girls love to eat, it’s one of the best aspects of our culture and for good reason. It ranges from tacos, pozole, burritos, tamales, flautas, etc. Many of us know how to cook and usually like to do it, so cooking for our man is not really seen as an obligation but more of a way to express how much we care for them and keeping their stomachs satisfied. If your girls doesn’t cook, she’ll probably take you to all the locations she knows knows, which tend to be hidden gems with amazing food!As stated above we come from a traditional background that can be conservative. This means that typically your woman will live with her parents so don’t expect for her to be staying the night at yours all the time, and if you plan on taking any trips with her she will most likely lie about who she’s going with. Staying the night at her house is a no, in most Hispanic families that won’t fly and is viewed as very disrespectful. While Mexican girls may be extremely affectionate with you in private and even in public, it’s a different story in front of our families, we behave ourselves and don’t typically participate in PDA, so don’t try to be all up on her while her family is present unless she actually tells you it’s not a problem, because most of the time it will be. (*Cough cough, play positions by Ariana Grande*)FAMILY IS KEY. One of the most important aspects in Mexican culture is our value of family. We are taught to respect our elders, and to outsiders it may seem as if Mexicans (or Latinos in general) are very attached to their families. But remember this, what her family thinks of you will greatly impact your future, so don’t think it’s going to be like dating a girl (from another background) that ignores what her family thinks because it’s “her life”. Also it’s important to realize she may introduce you to her family pretty early on because the sooner she gets their approval the sooner she can decide where the relationship is going, and this may not only consist of her parents it may also be her uncles, aunts, grandparents, etc, each individual’s opinion is actually important so be prepared. It’s also very important to realize just because she’s introducing you to her family early on doesn’t mean you should take her to yours. Like I said, we come from a traditional background in which the family’s approval of the man is pretty important, its the time to see if your worthy of their daughter, sister, niece, etc.We run on Mexican time, a stereotype that is actually pretty true…so don’t be surprised if you’re late to functions, gatherings, parties, etc. Simply tell her the set time is an hour before and you should be fine. Trust me she wants to be on time but a lot of times it just doesn’t work out, on the plus side “getting their late” doesn’t really exist on her side of the family, in fact if a party says it starts at 3 it really starts at around 4–6. Now if you’re meeting the family for the first time, “late” does exist so don’t take this concept into consideration, eventually you’ll get the hang of how the timing works and you may even start applying it to your life.Don’t expect her to call you papi, if she does it’s by choice.Don’t ask her to speak Spanish in bed, it can get awkward, if she does and you enjoy it then good, but some may not want to so don’t insist.Her family may be around A LOT. Like I said family is very important to us so don’t be alarmed if it seems like they’re very present. If you despise the idea of this, I would say getting involved with a Mexican girl is probably not the way to go.We are natural caretakers. We’ve been programmed to WANT to take care of those we care for. Whether this means cooking for you, cleaning, being affectionate, or keeping you satisfied in bed. These are all acts of intimacy. BUT like I said we’re going to do it when we WANT to, not simply because you feel entitled to it and expect us to, so if you’re going into a relationship with a Mexican girl because you feel she is domesticated and will have sex whenever you want you need to reevaluate your perception","This really depends on the girl, as well as her background. Mexican girls come from a rich culture and background, which to foreigners is viewed as passionate, affectionate, wild, etc. So it’s important to take these factors into consideration.We are portrayed as feisty, jealous, sex-crazed, hot tempered females, which isn’t always true. Mexican girls typically come from Catholic backgrounds, so if you’re interested in Mexican girls simply because you expect her to jump into bed with you after the first date, don’t, because she most likely won’t. Yes our culture is passionate but sex is still Continue ReadingThis really depends on the girl, as well as her background. Mexican girls come from a rich culture and background, which to foreigners is viewed as passionate, affectionate, wild, etc. So it’s important to take these factors into consideration.We are portrayed as feisty, jealous, sex-crazed, hot tempered females, which isn’t always true. Mexican girls typically come from Catholic backgrounds, so if you’re interested in Mexican girls simply because you expect her to jump into bed with you after the first date, don’t, because she most likely won’t. Yes our culture is passionate but sex is still sex and we’re not all like the Latinas portrayed on tv that are willing to give it to you the moment you meet us, but once we do it’s probably going to seem like the stereotypes of “amazing sex” is true simply for the fact that we are open to trying new things, use it as a love language, and not only want to please our partner but ourselves as well. We take pride in our sexuality and femininity, but it’s important to remember we aren’t there to play into your fetish or fantasy many men seem to have about Latinas.Most Mexican girls will know how to drink and love to party because we’ve been conditioned from a young age to do so, meaning you’ll definitely never be bored and will be dragged to many family parties. Mexican parties are well known for being some of the best consisting of amazing food, tequila, cumbias, rancheras, etc. So have fun!A lot of Mexican girls take pride in their appearance and actually enjoy looking good not only for their partner but just to feel confident in general, so don’t be surprised if your girl wears heels simply to go shopping, many of us were put in them before we could even walk!You will most likely pick up on some Spanish as most Mexican girls come from a Spanish speaking background and use it within their families. Spanish is a beautiful language and I suggest trying to learn it if you are in a serious relationship with a Mexican girl (or Latina in general) as it would definitely win you some points with her AND the family, and believe me most of us care deeply of what our parents think.Our culture is passionate so don’t be surprised if a Mexican girl is more affectionate then you’re used to, many may show their love through cooking, dancing, touching, kissing, etc it’s how we express ourselves, so just enjoy it :)“I’m not yelling, I’m Mexican” We can be very loud at times and are not shy about expressing our feelings, I suppose this is where the “hot tempered spicy Latina” stereotype comes from, this can be a win or lose situation as we will express if we are happy or unhappy, but at least you won’t have to guess how we’re feeling and tiptoe around our emotions.We have a caballero (gentleman) expectation! Our culture is very traditional and many of us grew up with specific gender roles, this means that a man is expected to act courteous, polite, and respectful, even if it’s simple acts such as opening the door for us, walking on the side closest to the street, sending flowers, etc. Girls want to date Mexican men because they treat their girls like reinas (queens), in fact this is how many Hispanic men refer to their women (“mi reina”) so don’t forget to treat your girl the way she should be, because their is always someone from our own community who will be willing to do it for you.You’ll NEVER be hungry. Most Mexican girls love to eat, it’s one of the best aspects of our culture and for good reason. It ranges from tacos, pozole, burritos, tamales, flautas, etc. Many of us know how to cook and usually like to do it, so cooking for our man is not really seen as an obligation but more of a way to express how much we care for them and keeping their stomachs satisfied. If your girls doesn’t cook, she’ll probably take you to all the locations she knows knows, which tend to be hidden gems with amazing food!As stated above we come from a traditional background that can be conservative. This means that typically your woman will live with her parents so don’t expect for her to be staying the night at yours all the time, and if you plan on taking any trips with her she will most likely lie about who she’s going with. Staying the night at her house is a no, in most Hispanic families that won’t fly and is viewed as very disrespectful. While Mexican girls may be extremely affectionate with you in private and even in public, it’s a different story in front of our families, we behave ourselves and don’t typically participate in PDA, so don’t try to be all up on her while her family is present unless she actually tells you it’s not a problem, because most of the time it will be. (*Cough cough, play positions by Ariana Grande*)FAMILY IS KEY. One of the most important aspects in Mexican culture is our value of family. We are taught to respect our elders, and to outsiders it may seem as if Mexicans (or Latinos in general) are very attached to their families. But remember this, what her family thinks of you will greatly impact your future, so don’t think it’s going to be like dating a girl (from another background) that ignores what her family thinks because it’s “her life”. Also it’s important to realize she may introduce you to her family pretty early on because the sooner she gets their approval the sooner she can decide where the relationship is going, and this may not only consist of her parents it may also be her uncles, aunts, grandparents, etc, each individual’s opinion is actually important so be prepared. It’s also very important to realize just because she’s introducing you to her family early on doesn’t mean you should take her to yours. Like I said, we come from a traditional background in which the family’s approval of the man is pretty important, its the time to see if your worthy of their daughter, sister, niece, etc.We run on Mexican time, a stereotype that is actually pretty true…so don’t be surprised if you’re late to functions, gatherings, parties, etc. Simply tell her the set time is an hour before and you should be fine. Trust me she wants to be on time but a lot of times it just doesn’t work out, on the plus side “getting their late” doesn’t really exist on her side of the family, in fact if a party says it starts at 3 it really starts at around 4–6. Now if you’re meeting the family for the first time, “late” does exist so don’t take this concept into consideration, eventually you’ll get the hang of how the timing works and you may even start applying it to your life.Don’t expect her to call you papi, if she does it’s by choice.Don’t ask her to speak Spanish in bed, it can get awkward, if she does and you enjoy it then good, but some may not want to so don’t insist.Her family may be around A LOT. Like I said family is very important to us so don’t be alarmed if it seems like they’re very present. If you despise the idea of this, I would say getting involved with a Mexican girl is probably not the way to go.We are natural caretakers. We’ve been programmed to WANT to take care of those we care for. Whether this means cooking for you, cleaning, being affectionate, or keeping you satisfied in bed. These are all acts of intimacy. BUT like I said we’re going to do it when we WANT to, not simply because you feel entitled to it and expect us to, so if you’re going into a relationship with a Mexican girl because you feel she is domesticated and will have sex whenever you want you need to reevaluate your perception |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a Mexican female, you have to be open minded and understanding of her problems and needs. Dont take it the wrong way if she teases you harshly. In the Mexican culture,you must have thick skin. Its not that we are mean, its just that once we get to know you more (and trust you more) we tend to be more layed back. (Take it as a sign that we trust and like you)","As a Mexican female, you have to be open minded and understanding of her problems and needs. Dont take it the wrong way if she teases you harshly. In the Mexican culture,you must have thick skin. Its not that we are mean, its just that once we get to know you more (and trust you more) we tend to be more layed back. (Take it as a sign that we trust and like you) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Just semi-joking, but Latinas are wonderful lovers, but . . . . the hot blooded Latin temperament will befall you like a tornado if you are unfaithful to your Latin woman. You treat her like the queen she is &amp; all is magnifico. You cheat on your Latina baby, she will have tour balls for ear rings. In all seriousness, Latinas are much like other woman, but with their big brown eyes and fuller figures, they drive me nuts. Just love them, make them feel just as special as they are &amp; you will have an incredible lover forever. My advice? Go for it, you will LOVE it (her).","ust semi-joking, but Latinas are wonderful lovers, but . . . . the hot blooded Latin temperament will befall you like a tornado if you are unfaithful to your Latin woman. You treat her like the queen she is &amp; all is magnifico. You cheat on your Latina baby, she will have tour balls for ear rings. In all seriousness, Latinas are much like other woman, but with their big brown eyes and fuller figures, they drive me nuts. Just love them, make them feel just as special as they are &amp; you will have an incredible lover forever. My advice? Go for it, you will LOVE it (her). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('eat')|","pussy"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"I’m gonna flip the script here. Have you tried telling them what you want? Because until you do that, how can you expect a guy to “know” how to eat your pussy? For all you know, he’s doing something that worked spectacularly on another woman that just doesn’t happen to work on you. How would he know to do anything differently unless you told him? If you’re just expecting a guy to “know” how to please you, you’re setting yourself up for a series of disappointments. Please communicate with your partners. Be open about what it takes to get you off. Cheers!","I’m gonna flip the script here. Have you tried telling them what you want? Because until you do that, how can you expect a guy to “know” how to eat your pussy? For all you know, he’s doing something that worked spectacularly on another woman that just doesn’t happen to work on you. How would he know to do anything differently unless you told him? If you’re just expecting a guy to “know” how to please you, you’re setting yourself up for a series of disappointments. Please communicate with your partners. Be open about what it takes to get you off. Cheers! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I make a woman squirt by eating her pussy if she is able to squirt. Girl get crazy if her pussy lips are sucked along with massaging g-spot with finger or tongue tip. Clitoris rubbing with tongue or finger also makes her crazy. Moreover different girls have different choices. Some like clit rubbing more, some like g-spot orgasm more. Some like fingering/penetration more than other things. So girl needs to guide her partner if she wants to enjoy cunnilingus fully."," make a woman squirt by eating her pussy if she is able to squirt. Girl get crazy if her pussy lips are sucked along with massaging g-spot with finger or tongue tip. Clitoris rubbing with tongue or finger also makes her crazy. Moreover different girls have different choices. Some like clit rubbing more, some like g-spot orgasm more. Some like fingering/penetration more than other things. So girl needs to guide her partner if she wants to enjoy cunnilingus fully. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","verb"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"A verb is a word that describes an action, occurrence, or state of being. It is one of the most important parts of a sentence, as it tells us what is happening. Verbs can be classified into different types, including:Action verbs: These verbs describe physical or mental actions. For example: run, jump, think, learnLinking verbs: These verbs connect the subject of a sentence to a subject complement. They do not describe actions. For example: is, am, are, was, wereHelping verbs: These verbs are used to create verb tenses and moods. They cannot be used alone. For example: have, do, be, will, wouldContinue ReadingA verb is a word that describes an action, occurrence, or state of being. It is one of the most important parts of a sentence, as it tells us what is happening. Verbs can be classified into different types, including:Action verbs: These verbs describe physical or mental actions. For example: run, jump, think, learnLinking verbs: These verbs connect the subject of a sentence to a subject complement. They do not describe actions. For example: is, am, are, was, wereHelping verbs: These verbs are used to create verb tenses and moods. They cannot be used alone. For example: have, do, be, will, wouldVerbs can also be classified as transitive or intransitive.Transitive verbs: These verbs require a direct object. For example: I threw the ball.Intransitive verbs: These verbs do not require a direct object. For example: The dog ran.Here are some examples of verbs in sentences:Action verb: The bird flew across the sky.Linking verb: The cat is black.Helping verb: I have been to India.Transitive verb: I ate the sandwich.Intransitive verb: The baby slept.Verbs are essential for communication. They allow us to describe what is happening, what has happened, and what will happen. Without verbs, our sentences would be incomplete and meaningless."," verb is a word that describes an action, occurrence, or state of being. It is one of the most important parts of a sentence, as it tells us what is happening. Verbs can be classified into different types, including:Action verbs: These verbs describe physical or mental actions. For example: run, jump, think, learnLinking verbs: These verbs connect the subject of a sentence to a subject complement. They do not describe actions. For example: is, am, are, was, wereHelping verbs: These verbs are used to create verb tenses and moods. They cannot be used alone. For example: have, do, be, will, wouldContinue ReadingA verb is a word that describes an action, occurrence, or state of being. It is one of the most important parts of a sentence, as it tells us what is happening. Verbs can be classified into different types, including:Action verbs: These verbs describe physical or mental actions. For example: run, jump, think, learnLinking verbs: These verbs connect the subject of a sentence to a subject complement. They do not describe actions. For example: is, am, are, was, wereHelping verbs: These verbs are used to create verb tenses and moods. They cannot be used alone. For example: have, do, be, will, wouldVerbs can also be classified as transitive or intransitive.Transitive verbs: These verbs require a direct object. For example: I threw the ball.Intransitive verbs: These verbs do not require a direct object. For example: The dog ran.Here are some examples of verbs in sentences:Action verb: The bird flew across the sky.Linking verb: The cat is black.Helping verb: I have been to India.Transitive verb: I ate the sandwich.Intransitive verb: The baby slept.Verbs are essential for communication. They allow us to describe what is happening, what has happened, and what will happen. Without verbs, our sentences would be incomplete and meaningless. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A verb is a word which indicates the action ,state or event of the subject . Example :- Eat ,Kick ,Bring ,jump,Run etc are the verb words . 1.He kicks the ball . Here It shows that subject kicking (action)the ball. Types of Verb:-Helping verbs and main verbs: Helping verbs or auxiliary verbs are verbs that have meaningless on their own. But they are essential for the grammatical structure of the sentence.Example: People should start donating for NGOs.Main verbs are verbs that have a meaning of their own. They tell us something.Example: He taught.Transitive and intransitive verbs: A transitive vContinue ReadingA verb is a word which indicates the action ,state or event of the subject . Example :- Eat ,Kick ,Bring ,jump,Run etc are the verb words . 1.He kicks the ball . Here It shows that subject kicking (action)the ball. Types of Verb:-Helping verbs and main verbs: Helping verbs or auxiliary verbs are verbs that have meaningless on their own. But they are essential for the grammatical structure of the sentence.Example: People should start donating for NGOs.Main verbs are verbs that have a meaning of their own. They tell us something.Example: He taught.Transitive and intransitive verbs: A transitive verb must have an object to complete its meaning, and to receive the action expressed.For example: She kicked the ball.An intransitive is complete in itself, or which is completed by other words without requiring an object. Example:-He talked.Active and Passive Verbs: The Active voice is the normal voice that one speaks in most of the time. In this voice the object receives the action of the verb performed by the subject.Example: people are cutting a Tree.The Passive voice is less usual. In this voice the subject receives the action of the verb being performed by the object.Example: A Tree is being cut by the people.Modal Verbs: These verbs tell us whether something is probable or about the skills of a noun etc. There are 10 modal verbs in total and each have an important part in sentence formation.Can, Could, May, Might, Will, Would, Must, Shall, Should, Ought to. Example :- I can run.Dynamic and Static Verbs: These verbs denote an actual action or expression or process done by the subject. They mean an action which can be seen or physically felt or the result of which is seen or physically felt by the object or an indirect object. Example: He buys new shirts every week.Static verbs refer to the state of the subject or the situation of the subject. Stative Verbs tell us about the state of mind of the subject, or the relation between the subject and the object.Example: She likes strawberry jam."," verb is a word which indicates the action ,state or event of the subject . Example :- Eat ,Kick ,Bring ,jump,Run etc are the verb words . 1.He kicks the ball . Here It shows that subject kicking (action)the ball. Types of Verb:-Helping verbs and main verbs: Helping verbs or auxiliary verbs are verbs that have meaningless on their own. But they are essential for the grammatical structure of the sentence.Example: People should start donating for NGOs.Main verbs are verbs that have a meaning of their own. They tell us something.Example: He taught.Transitive and intransitive verbs: A transitive vContinue ReadingA verb is a word which indicates the action ,state or event of the subject . Example :- Eat ,Kick ,Bring ,jump,Run etc are the verb words . 1.He kicks the ball . Here It shows that subject kicking (action)the ball. Types of Verb:-Helping verbs and main verbs: Helping verbs or auxiliary verbs are verbs that have meaningless on their own. But they are essential for the grammatical structure of the sentence.Example: People should start donating for NGOs.Main verbs are verbs that have a meaning of their own. They tell us something.Example: He taught.Transitive and intransitive verbs: A transitive verb must have an object to complete its meaning, and to receive the action expressed.For example: She kicked the ball.An intransitive is complete in itself, or which is completed by other words without requiring an object. Example:-He talked.Active and Passive Verbs: The Active voice is the normal voice that one speaks in most of the time. In this voice the object receives the action of the verb performed by the subject.Example: people are cutting a Tree.The Passive voice is less usual. In this voice the subject receives the action of the verb being performed by the object.Example: A Tree is being cut by the people.Modal Verbs: These verbs tell us whether something is probable or about the skills of a noun etc. There are 10 modal verbs in total and each have an important part in sentence formation.Can, Could, May, Might, Will, Would, Must, Shall, Should, Ought to. Example :- I can run.Dynamic and Static Verbs: These verbs denote an actual action or expression or process done by the subject. They mean an action which can be seen or physically felt or the result of which is seen or physically felt by the object or an indirect object. Example: He buys new shirts every week.Static verbs refer to the state of the subject or the situation of the subject. Stative Verbs tell us about the state of mind of the subject, or the relation between the subject and the object.Example: She likes strawberry jam. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A verb is a word for an  action , a  mental process , or a  state of being . Examples:  * Run, eat, see, etc. are verbs, because they tell us that some action happens, that somebody does something (action). * Think, realize, believe, etc. are verbs, because they tell us about something happening in the mind (mental processes). * Be, seem..."," verb is a word for an  action , a  mental process , or a  state of being . Examples:  * Run, eat, see, etc. are verbs, because they tell us that some action happens, that somebody does something (action). * Think, realize, believe, etc. are verbs, because they tell us about something happening in the mind (mental processes). * Be, seem... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","rice"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"I have no idea why this works, but it was told to me by a Chinese woman, so I tried it. The result is perfect rice, every time. Put some quantity of rice in a pot. Spread it out evenly, put your hand on it, palm down, and add cold water until your knuckles are just covered. For some reason, the actual quantity of rice, the shape of the pot, and how large your hands are have no effect."," have no idea why this works, but it was told to me by a Chinese woman, so I tried it. The result is perfect rice, every time. Put some quantity of rice in a pot. Spread it out evenly, put your hand on it, palm down, and add cold water until your knuckles are just covered. For some reason, the actual quantity of rice, the shape of the pot, and how large your hands are have no effect. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Cooking rice perfectly involves a few key steps to ensure that the rice comes out fluffy, separate, and not overly sticky. Heres a basic method to cook rice: 1. Rinse the rice: Place the desired amount of rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse it under cold water until the water runs clear. This helps remove excess starch and prevents the rice from becoming too sticky. 2. Measure the water: The general ratio for cooking white rice is 1:2, meaning one part rice to two parts water. However, the ratio may vary slightly depending on the type of rice and personal preference. Check the packaging or use Continue ReadingCooking rice perfectly involves a few key steps to ensure that the rice comes out fluffy, separate, and not overly sticky. Heres a basic method to cook rice: 1. Rinse the rice: Place the desired amount of rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse it under cold water until the water runs clear. This helps remove excess starch and prevents the rice from becoming too sticky. 2. Measure the water: The general ratio for cooking white rice is 1:2, meaning one part rice to two parts water. However, the ratio may vary slightly depending on the type of rice and personal preference. Check the packaging or use the recommended ratio for the specific type of rice youre cooking. 3. Combine rice and water: In a saucepan, add the rinsed rice and the measured water. You can also add a pinch of salt for flavor if desired. 4. Bring to a boil: Place the saucepan over medium-high heat and bring the rice and water to a boil. 5. Reduce heat and cover: Once the water is boiling, reduce the heat to low, cover the saucepan with a tight-fitting lid, and let the rice simmer. 6. Cook the rice: Allow the rice to cook undisturbed for about 15-20 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed. Avoid lifting the lid during this time, as it can interfere with the cooking process. 7. Let it rest: Once the rice is cooked, remove the saucepan from the heat and let it sit, covered, for an additional 5-10 minutes. This resting period allows the rice to steam and become fully tender. 8. Fluff the rice: After the resting period, use a fork or a rice paddle to gently fluff the rice, separating the grains. This helps prevent clumping and ensures a light, fluffy texture. Remember, cooking times may vary depending on the type and quality of rice, as well as your stoves heat settings. It may take a few attempts to find the perfect cooking time for your preferred rice variety.","ooking rice perfectly involves a few key steps to ensure that the rice comes out fluffy, separate, and not overly sticky. Heres a basic method to cook rice: 1. Rinse the rice: Place the desired amount of rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse it under cold water until the water runs clear. This helps remove excess starch and prevents the rice from becoming too sticky. 2. Measure the water: The general ratio for cooking white rice is 1:2, meaning one part rice to two parts water. However, the ratio may vary slightly depending on the type of rice and personal preference. Check the packaging or use Continue ReadingCooking rice perfectly involves a few key steps to ensure that the rice comes out fluffy, separate, and not overly sticky. Heres a basic method to cook rice: 1. Rinse the rice: Place the desired amount of rice in a fine-mesh sieve and rinse it under cold water until the water runs clear. This helps remove excess starch and prevents the rice from becoming too sticky. 2. Measure the water: The general ratio for cooking white rice is 1:2, meaning one part rice to two parts water. However, the ratio may vary slightly depending on the type of rice and personal preference. Check the packaging or use the recommended ratio for the specific type of rice youre cooking. 3. Combine rice and water: In a saucepan, add the rinsed rice and the measured water. You can also add a pinch of salt for flavor if desired. 4. Bring to a boil: Place the saucepan over medium-high heat and bring the rice and water to a boil. 5. Reduce heat and cover: Once the water is boiling, reduce the heat to low, cover the saucepan with a tight-fitting lid, and let the rice simmer. 6. Cook the rice: Allow the rice to cook undisturbed for about 15-20 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed. Avoid lifting the lid during this time, as it can interfere with the cooking process. 7. Let it rest: Once the rice is cooked, remove the saucepan from the heat and let it sit, covered, for an additional 5-10 minutes. This resting period allows the rice to steam and become fully tender. 8. Fluff the rice: After the resting period, use a fork or a rice paddle to gently fluff the rice, separating the grains. This helps prevent clumping and ensures a light, fluffy texture. Remember, cooking times may vary depending on the type and quality of rice, as well as your stoves heat settings. It may take a few attempts to find the perfect cooking time for your preferred rice variety. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To perfectly cook rice, you need the right ratio of water to rice. My go to ratio is 1:1. Meaning, for every one cup of rice, use one cup of water. Rinse the rice, but there is no need to soak it. Bring water and rice to a boil add salt and a tbsp of olive oil. Reduce heat to lowest setting, cover and cook for 15 minutes. Immediately remove from heat. I do have a detailed video recipe on the blog, but this is the gist of it. I really don’t understand how people get fluffy rice with 1 cup of rice and 2 cups of water. I think it would come out as mush. This recipe works on pretty much any type of rContinue ReadingTo perfectly cook rice, you need the right ratio of water to rice. My go to ratio is 1:1. Meaning, for every one cup of rice, use one cup of water. Rinse the rice, but there is no need to soak it. Bring water and rice to a boil add salt and a tbsp of olive oil. Reduce heat to lowest setting, cover and cook for 15 minutes. Immediately remove from heat. I do have a detailed video recipe on the blog, but this is the gist of it. I really don’t understand how people get fluffy rice with 1 cup of rice and 2 cups of water. I think it would come out as mush. This recipe works on pretty much any type of rice (except specialty rice like wild rice).","o perfectly cook rice, you need the right ratio of water to rice. My go to ratio is 1:1. Meaning, for every one cup of rice, use one cup of water. Rinse the rice, but there is no need to soak it. Bring water and rice to a boil add salt and a tbsp of olive oil. Reduce heat to lowest setting, cover and cook for 15 minutes. Immediately remove from heat. I do have a detailed video recipe on the blog, but this is the gist of it. I really don’t understand how people get fluffy rice with 1 cup of rice and 2 cups of water. I think it would come out as mush. This recipe works on pretty much any type of rContinue ReadingTo perfectly cook rice, you need the right ratio of water to rice. My go to ratio is 1:1. Meaning, for every one cup of rice, use one cup of water. Rinse the rice, but there is no need to soak it. Bring water and rice to a boil add salt and a tbsp of olive oil. Reduce heat to lowest setting, cover and cook for 15 minutes. Immediately remove from heat. I do have a detailed video recipe on the blog, but this is the gist of it. I really don’t understand how people get fluffy rice with 1 cup of rice and 2 cups of water. I think it would come out as mush. This recipe works on pretty much any type of rice (except specialty rice like wild rice). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('fruit')|","flies"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Fruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggeContinue ReadingFruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggering breeding rate – females can lay 400 eggs in a week’s time – adult fruit flies seem to come from nowhere and multiply right before your eyes. They’re attracted to damp areas with anything they can eat (rotten fruit in particular is their favorite food source), making them regular pests in compost piles, garbage cans, the kitchen sink, grocery stores, markets, and restaurants. These buggers are even a nuisance to wineries and breweries – the fly can find fermenting juice or wine from a half-mile away, and carry loads of bacteria that can ruin a glass – or whole cask – of wine or beer. Unforgivable. So how do you deal with them once you figure out the source of their breeding grounds? Don’t worry, here are five DIY ways and fruit fly traps to keep your home fruit fly-free without using hazardous or expensive chemicals. 1. Vinegar Trap The vinegar trap is a tried-and-true homemade fruit fly trap classic. Fruit flies are attracted to the scent of apple cider vinegar – earning them the common nickname ‘vinegar flies’ – and can’t resist flying into the jar. Once they’re in, they can’t get out. You’ll need a mason jar, 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, dish soap, a funnel, and optionally, a piece of overripe fruit. Basically, you’re creating the perfect circumstances to create a fruit fly breeding ground. Heat up the apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan to release the scent – fruit flies find it irresistible – and pour it into your container, adding a few drops of dish soap along with it to break surface tension and keep them from feasting and flying off. You can also add a piece of overripe fruit to make it more attractive to flies. Place a funnel in the top of the jar – a rolled-up piece of paper is fine – which allows flies in, but not out. You can also add a piece of fresh fruit to make it extra enticing. 2. Fruit trap Fruit flies are attracted to – you guessed it – fruit. Why not tempt them with their favorite? You’ll need a mason jar, overripe fruit, plastic wrap, and a toothpick. The fruit trap works on the same principle as the vinegar trap. Place a piece of overripe fruit in the bottom of your container. Next, securely cover the opening with a sheet of plastic wrap (or your paper funnel). With your toothpick, poke a few holes in the plastic. The flies will be able to get in – but they won’t make it back out. 3. Red wine trap Fruit flies like wine almost as much as you do. Why not use that to your advantage and keep them away from your wine for good? You’ll need a mostly empty wine (or beer) bottle. After you’ve enjoyed said bottle of wine, leave the last little bit in the bottle – I know, it’s not easy – and leave the cork out of the neck of the bottle. Place near the source of the flies and wait a few days. You can also transfer the wine to another container, and cover with punctured plastic wrap. They may have died, but at least they died drunk. Luckily for the beer-lovers among us, a leftover bottle of brew works as well. 4. Milk and sugar trap Claire Goodall over at Everyday Roots dug up an interesting fruit-fly remedy she found passed down in the Old Farmers Almanac from 1850s New England. You’ll need one pint of milk, 1/4 pound of raw sugar, and 2 oz. of ground black pepper. Combine milk, sugar and pepper in a sauce pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour this mixture into shallow bowls and place them in problem areas around the house 5. Keeping them gone Don’t forget, these traps may take care of the adult population, but there still may be larvae lurking. To keep them from coming back, make sure your kitchen and home is free of standing water, mop buckets, leaking pipes, etc. If a stinky sink seems to be the source, dilute a capful of bleach with 12 oz. hot water and pour it in the drain. Given their love for rotting food, make sure trash cans are closed and trash bags are tied up tight. Fruit flies also love dirty dishes, so now’s the time to tackle that pile in the sink. If you have houseplants, poor-quality soil could also be a problem. Many cheap potting soils contain fungi and decaying organic matter that attract fruit flies. Switch to better soil, and top your potting mix with a layer of aquarium gravel or course sand to keep hatched larvae from crawling out.","ruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggeContinue ReadingFruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggering breeding rate – females can lay 400 eggs in a week’s time – adult fruit flies seem to come from nowhere and multiply right before your eyes. They’re attracted to damp areas with anything they can eat (rotten fruit in particular is their favorite food source), making them regular pests in compost piles, garbage cans, the kitchen sink, grocery stores, markets, and restaurants. These buggers are even a nuisance to wineries and breweries – the fly can find fermenting juice or wine from a half-mile away, and carry loads of bacteria that can ruin a glass – or whole cask – of wine or beer. Unforgivable. So how do you deal with them once you figure out the source of their breeding grounds? Don’t worry, here are five DIY ways and fruit fly traps to keep your home fruit fly-free without using hazardous or expensive chemicals. 1. Vinegar Trap The vinegar trap is a tried-and-true homemade fruit fly trap classic. Fruit flies are attracted to the scent of apple cider vinegar – earning them the common nickname ‘vinegar flies’ – and can’t resist flying into the jar. Once they’re in, they can’t get out. You’ll need a mason jar, 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, dish soap, a funnel, and optionally, a piece of overripe fruit. Basically, you’re creating the perfect circumstances to create a fruit fly breeding ground. Heat up the apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan to release the scent – fruit flies find it irresistible – and pour it into your container, adding a few drops of dish soap along with it to break surface tension and keep them from feasting and flying off. You can also add a piece of overripe fruit to make it more attractive to flies. Place a funnel in the top of the jar – a rolled-up piece of paper is fine – which allows flies in, but not out. You can also add a piece of fresh fruit to make it extra enticing. 2. Fruit trap Fruit flies are attracted to – you guessed it – fruit. Why not tempt them with their favorite? You’ll need a mason jar, overripe fruit, plastic wrap, and a toothpick. The fruit trap works on the same principle as the vinegar trap. Place a piece of overripe fruit in the bottom of your container. Next, securely cover the opening with a sheet of plastic wrap (or your paper funnel). With your toothpick, poke a few holes in the plastic. The flies will be able to get in – but they won’t make it back out. 3. Red wine trap Fruit flies like wine almost as much as you do. Why not use that to your advantage and keep them away from your wine for good? You’ll need a mostly empty wine (or beer) bottle. After you’ve enjoyed said bottle of wine, leave the last little bit in the bottle – I know, it’s not easy – and leave the cork out of the neck of the bottle. Place near the source of the flies and wait a few days. You can also transfer the wine to another container, and cover with punctured plastic wrap. They may have died, but at least they died drunk. Luckily for the beer-lovers among us, a leftover bottle of brew works as well. 4. Milk and sugar trap Claire Goodall over at Everyday Roots dug up an interesting fruit-fly remedy she found passed down in the Old Farmers Almanac from 1850s New England. You’ll need one pint of milk, 1/4 pound of raw sugar, and 2 oz. of ground black pepper. Combine milk, sugar and pepper in a sauce pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour this mixture into shallow bowls and place them in problem areas around the house 5. Keeping them gone Don’t forget, these traps may take care of the adult population, but there still may be larvae lurking. To keep them from coming back, make sure your kitchen and home is free of standing water, mop buckets, leaking pipes, etc. If a stinky sink seems to be the source, dilute a capful of bleach with 12 oz. hot water and pour it in the drain. Given their love for rotting food, make sure trash cans are closed and trash bags are tied up tight. Fruit flies also love dirty dishes, so now’s the time to tackle that pile in the sink. If you have houseplants, poor-quality soil could also be a problem. Many cheap potting soils contain fungi and decaying organic matter that attract fruit flies. Switch to better soil, and top your potting mix with a layer of aquarium gravel or course sand to keep hatched larvae from crawling out. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('fruit')|","flies"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Fruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggeContinue ReadingFruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggering breeding rate – females can lay 400 eggs in a week’s time – adult fruit flies seem to come from nowhere and multiply right before your eyes. They’re attracted to damp areas with anything they can eat (rotten fruit in particular is their favorite food source), making them regular pests in compost piles, garbage cans, the kitchen sink, grocery stores, markets, and restaurants. These buggers are even a nuisance to wineries and breweries – the fly can find fermenting juice or wine from a half-mile away, and carry loads of bacteria that can ruin a glass – or whole cask – of wine or beer. Unforgivable. So how do you deal with them once you figure out the source of their breeding grounds? Don’t worry, here are five DIY ways and fruit fly traps to keep your home fruit fly-free without using hazardous or expensive chemicals. 1. Vinegar Trap The vinegar trap is a tried-and-true homemade fruit fly trap classic. Fruit flies are attracted to the scent of apple cider vinegar – earning them the common nickname ‘vinegar flies’ – and can’t resist flying into the jar. Once they’re in, they can’t get out. You’ll need a mason jar, 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, dish soap, a funnel, and optionally, a piece of overripe fruit. Basically, you’re creating the perfect circumstances to create a fruit fly breeding ground. Heat up the apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan to release the scent – fruit flies find it irresistible – and pour it into your container, adding a few drops of dish soap along with it to break surface tension and keep them from feasting and flying off. You can also add a piece of overripe fruit to make it more attractive to flies. Place a funnel in the top of the jar – a rolled-up piece of paper is fine – which allows flies in, but not out. You can also add a piece of fresh fruit to make it extra enticing. 2. Fruit trap Fruit flies are attracted to – you guessed it – fruit. Why not tempt them with their favorite? You’ll need a mason jar, overripe fruit, plastic wrap, and a toothpick. The fruit trap works on the same principle as the vinegar trap. Place a piece of overripe fruit in the bottom of your container. Next, securely cover the opening with a sheet of plastic wrap (or your paper funnel). With your toothpick, poke a few holes in the plastic. The flies will be able to get in – but they won’t make it back out. 3. Red wine trap Fruit flies like wine almost as much as you do. Why not use that to your advantage and keep them away from your wine for good? You’ll need a mostly empty wine (or beer) bottle. After you’ve enjoyed said bottle of wine, leave the last little bit in the bottle – I know, it’s not easy – and leave the cork out of the neck of the bottle. Place near the source of the flies and wait a few days. You can also transfer the wine to another container, and cover with punctured plastic wrap. They may have died, but at least they died drunk. Luckily for the beer-lovers among us, a leftover bottle of brew works as well. 4. Milk and sugar trap Claire Goodall over at Everyday Roots dug up an interesting fruit-fly remedy she found passed down in the Old Farmers Almanac from 1850s New England. You’ll need one pint of milk, 1/4 pound of raw sugar, and 2 oz. of ground black pepper. Combine milk, sugar and pepper in a sauce pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour this mixture into shallow bowls and place them in problem areas around the house 5. Keeping them gone Don’t forget, these traps may take care of the adult population, but there still may be larvae lurking. To keep them from coming back, make sure your kitchen and home is free of standing water, mop buckets, leaking pipes, etc. If a stinky sink seems to be the source, dilute a capful of bleach with 12 oz. hot water and pour it in the drain. Given their love for rotting food, make sure trash cans are closed and trash bags are tied up tight. Fruit flies also love dirty dishes, so now’s the time to tackle that pile in the sink. If you have houseplants, poor-quality soil could also be a problem. Many cheap potting soils contain fungi and decaying organic matter that attract fruit flies. Switch to better soil, and top your potting mix with a layer of aquarium gravel or course sand to keep hatched larvae from crawling out.","ruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggeContinue ReadingFruit flies can be the bane of every homeowner’s existence, no matter what time of year it is. A fruit fly infestation can quickly spiral out of control if steps aren’t taken at the first sign of a fruit fly problem. They’re small, numerous and peskier than most other insects as they swarm around produce feast on the sugars in rotting and fermenting fruit (check your garbage disposals regularly, y’all). They’re also so pesky, it’s no wonder everyone wants to know how to get rid of fruit flies. For such a short life cycle, adult flies wreak some serious havoc. With a 30-day lifespan and a staggering breeding rate – females can lay 400 eggs in a week’s time – adult fruit flies seem to come from nowhere and multiply right before your eyes. They’re attracted to damp areas with anything they can eat (rotten fruit in particular is their favorite food source), making them regular pests in compost piles, garbage cans, the kitchen sink, grocery stores, markets, and restaurants. These buggers are even a nuisance to wineries and breweries – the fly can find fermenting juice or wine from a half-mile away, and carry loads of bacteria that can ruin a glass – or whole cask – of wine or beer. Unforgivable. So how do you deal with them once you figure out the source of their breeding grounds? Don’t worry, here are five DIY ways and fruit fly traps to keep your home fruit fly-free without using hazardous or expensive chemicals. 1. Vinegar Trap The vinegar trap is a tried-and-true homemade fruit fly trap classic. Fruit flies are attracted to the scent of apple cider vinegar – earning them the common nickname ‘vinegar flies’ – and can’t resist flying into the jar. Once they’re in, they can’t get out. You’ll need a mason jar, 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, dish soap, a funnel, and optionally, a piece of overripe fruit. Basically, you’re creating the perfect circumstances to create a fruit fly breeding ground. Heat up the apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan to release the scent – fruit flies find it irresistible – and pour it into your container, adding a few drops of dish soap along with it to break surface tension and keep them from feasting and flying off. You can also add a piece of overripe fruit to make it more attractive to flies. Place a funnel in the top of the jar – a rolled-up piece of paper is fine – which allows flies in, but not out. You can also add a piece of fresh fruit to make it extra enticing. 2. Fruit trap Fruit flies are attracted to – you guessed it – fruit. Why not tempt them with their favorite? You’ll need a mason jar, overripe fruit, plastic wrap, and a toothpick. The fruit trap works on the same principle as the vinegar trap. Place a piece of overripe fruit in the bottom of your container. Next, securely cover the opening with a sheet of plastic wrap (or your paper funnel). With your toothpick, poke a few holes in the plastic. The flies will be able to get in – but they won’t make it back out. 3. Red wine trap Fruit flies like wine almost as much as you do. Why not use that to your advantage and keep them away from your wine for good? You’ll need a mostly empty wine (or beer) bottle. After you’ve enjoyed said bottle of wine, leave the last little bit in the bottle – I know, it’s not easy – and leave the cork out of the neck of the bottle. Place near the source of the flies and wait a few days. You can also transfer the wine to another container, and cover with punctured plastic wrap. They may have died, but at least they died drunk. Luckily for the beer-lovers among us, a leftover bottle of brew works as well. 4. Milk and sugar trap Claire Goodall over at Everyday Roots dug up an interesting fruit-fly remedy she found passed down in the Old Farmers Almanac from 1850s New England. You’ll need one pint of milk, 1/4 pound of raw sugar, and 2 oz. of ground black pepper. Combine milk, sugar and pepper in a sauce pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Pour this mixture into shallow bowls and place them in problem areas around the house 5. Keeping them gone Don’t forget, these traps may take care of the adult population, but there still may be larvae lurking. To keep them from coming back, make sure your kitchen and home is free of standing water, mop buckets, leaking pipes, etc. If a stinky sink seems to be the source, dilute a capful of bleach with 12 oz. hot water and pour it in the drain. Given their love for rotting food, make sure trash cans are closed and trash bags are tied up tight. Fruit flies also love dirty dishes, so now’s the time to tackle that pile in the sink. If you have houseplants, poor-quality soil could also be a problem. Many cheap potting soils contain fungi and decaying organic matter that attract fruit flies. Switch to better soil, and top your potting mix with a layer of aquarium gravel or course sand to keep hatched larvae from crawling out. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('calculate')|","percentage"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Percentage is the fraction the group represents out of the total of the sample or population. For example, 80 people out 200 vote for a proposal. That is 40 percent of the group (80/200=.40 .40 X 100 = 40% Percentiles are the value below which a given percentage of observations or scores in a group of values falls. So the 30th percentile is the value below which 30% of the observations/scores fall. Percentile is based on the normal curve and show how values stand in rank relation to one another in the distribution. Percentiles are not in equal intervals as the areas under these intervals change Continue ReadingPercentage is the fraction the group represents out of the total of the sample or population. For example, 80 people out 200 vote for a proposal. That is 40 percent of the group (80/200=.40 .40 X 100 = 40% Percentiles are the value below which a given percentage of observations or scores in a group of values falls. So the 30th percentile is the value below which 30% of the observations/scores fall. Percentile is based on the normal curve and show how values stand in rank relation to one another in the distribution. Percentiles are not in equal intervals as the areas under these intervals change along the normal curve and would be larger near the mean score.","ercentage is the fraction the group represents out of the total of the sample or population. For example, 80 people out 200 vote for a proposal. That is 40 percent of the group (80/200=.40 .40 X 100 = 40% Percentiles are the value below which a given percentage of observations or scores in a group of values falls. So the 30th percentile is the value below which 30% of the observations/scores fall. Percentile is based on the normal curve and show how values stand in rank relation to one another in the distribution. Percentiles are not in equal intervals as the areas under these intervals change Continue ReadingPercentage is the fraction the group represents out of the total of the sample or population. For example, 80 people out 200 vote for a proposal. That is 40 percent of the group (80/200=.40 .40 X 100 = 40% Percentiles are the value below which a given percentage of observations or scores in a group of values falls. So the 30th percentile is the value below which 30% of the observations/scores fall. Percentile is based on the normal curve and show how values stand in rank relation to one another in the distribution. Percentiles are not in equal intervals as the areas under these intervals change along the normal curve and would be larger near the mean score. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Percentage is simply your score in any test expressed in a scale of 100. So, if you get 70 out of 100 in a test your percentage is 70 % as the base is already 100. In case you get 35 out of 50 your percentage is again 70 % as 35/50 x 100 will be 70. Percentile refers to the percentage of people who are behind you or have scored worse than you in a test. So if CAT had 200000 people taking the test and you were 1000 in your rank then 199000 people will have scored worse than you and your percentile will be 99.5, meaning you have done better than 99.5 percentile people who have taken the test. NoteContinue ReadingPercentage is simply your score in any test expressed in a scale of 100. So, if you get 70 out of 100 in a test your percentage is 70 % as the base is already 100. In case you get 35 out of 50 your percentage is again 70 % as 35/50 x 100 will be 70. Percentile refers to the percentage of people who are behind you or have scored worse than you in a test. So if CAT had 200000 people taking the test and you were 1000 in your rank then 199000 people will have scored worse than you and your percentile will be 99.5, meaning you have done better than 99.5 percentile people who have taken the test. Note that in CAT 2019, a score of 99.5 percentile would have meant a scaled score of 171 or so, which will be 57 % as the total marks for the test is 300.","ercentage is simply your score in any test expressed in a scale of 100. So, if you get 70 out of 100 in a test your percentage is 70 % as the base is already 100. In case you get 35 out of 50 your percentage is again 70 % as 35/50 x 100 will be 70. Percentile refers to the percentage of people who are behind you or have scored worse than you in a test. So if CAT had 200000 people taking the test and you were 1000 in your rank then 199000 people will have scored worse than you and your percentile will be 99.5, meaning you have done better than 99.5 percentile people who have taken the test. NoteContinue ReadingPercentage is simply your score in any test expressed in a scale of 100. So, if you get 70 out of 100 in a test your percentage is 70 % as the base is already 100. In case you get 35 out of 50 your percentage is again 70 % as 35/50 x 100 will be 70. Percentile refers to the percentage of people who are behind you or have scored worse than you in a test. So if CAT had 200000 people taking the test and you were 1000 in your rank then 199000 people will have scored worse than you and your percentile will be 99.5, meaning you have done better than 99.5 percentile people who have taken the test. Note that in CAT 2019, a score of 99.5 percentile would have meant a scaled score of 171 or so, which will be 57 % as the total marks for the test is 300. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","percentage"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"It is the percentage of the purchase price added to an item and would represent ones profit after deducting operating etc costs.","t is the percentage of the purchase price added to an item and would represent ones profit after deducting operating etc costs. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It is the percentage of the landed cost of a product (including freight, etc.) that is added to that cost to arrive at the selling price for that product.","t is the percentage of the landed cost of a product (including freight, etc.) that is added to that cost to arrive at the selling price for that product. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Cost price + percentage mark-up = selling price. The mark up pays the overhead and a profit. For example: An item costs $1, a 25% mark up is added so the selling price is $1.25. Hope this helps!","Cost price + percentage mark-up = selling price. The mark up pays the overhead and a profit. For example: An item costs $1, a 25% mark up is added so the selling price is $1.25. Hope this helps! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free","As a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one placeContinue ReadingAs a manager, the ability to prioritize workloads, schedule employees/projects, and track deadlines is simply impossible without a reliable and easy-to-use project management platform. Trusted by over 180K global customers, monday.com offers an award-winning, customizable work and project management platform for all teams, industries, and sizes. With its easy-to-use interface, any member of your team can jump on and start using it immediately, no training required. Try for free (Free forever. No credit card)&gt;&gt;With monday.com, you can plan, execute, and manage all of your teams work in one place by automating and streamlining activities with no-code automations, saving you and your team hours of valuable time. With customizable dashboards, 200+ pre-made templates, 72+ integrations, and real-time notifications and updates, optimize processes, and boost team productivity and collaboration. You can easily track projects and meet deadlines using timelines, Gantt charts, and more. Discover why 180K+ global customers love and use monday.com.Try monday.com for free |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hi Kathy: Markup is the difference between a products selling price and cost as a percentage of the cost. For example, if a product sells for $125 and costs $100, the additional price increase is ($125 – $100) / $100) x 100 = 25%. Markup - Learn How to Calculate Markup &amp; Markup Percentage","Hi Kathy: Markup is the difference between a products selling price and cost as a percentage of the cost. For example, if a product sells for $125 and costs $100, the additional price increase is ($125 – $100) / $100) x 100 = 25%. Markup - Learn How to Calculate Markup &amp; Markup Percentage |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('hard')|","|pal:NRT('boil')|","eggs"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"We make hard-boiled eggs into boiled eggs and put them in ramen.Put hard-boiled eggs in Oden.I put hard-boiled eggs in the salad.Continue ReadingWe make hard-boiled eggs into boiled eggs and put them in ramen.Put hard-boiled eggs in Oden.I put hard-boiled eggs in the salad.","e make hard-boiled eggs into boiled eggs and put them in ramen.Put hard-boiled eggs in Oden.I put hard-boiled eggs in the salad.Continue ReadingWe make hard-boiled eggs into boiled eggs and put them in ramen.Put hard-boiled eggs in Oden.I put hard-boiled eggs in the salad. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The hard-boiled egg! Which of us have not suffered through hard-boiled eggs that were grey, rubbery and noxious? I know I have. Years of experiment, and also reading J. Kenji Lopez-Alt who did actual experiments, has led me to the following method:Place egg in cold water.Bring to boil.Allow to boil for one minute.Remove pan from heat.Let sit for 10 minutes.At the end of 10 minutes, run egg under a cold tap or, better, plunge it into an ice bath to cool it down.Ten minutes gives you a perfectly hard-cooked yolk with no green ring, and a white that’s cooked but not rubbery. For soft-boiled eggs, lContinue ReadingThe hard-boiled egg! Which of us have not suffered through hard-boiled eggs that were grey, rubbery and noxious? I know I have. Years of experiment, and also reading J. Kenji Lopez-Alt who did actual experiments, has led me to the following method:Place egg in cold water.Bring to boil.Allow to boil for one minute.Remove pan from heat.Let sit for 10 minutes.At the end of 10 minutes, run egg under a cold tap or, better, plunge it into an ice bath to cool it down.Ten minutes gives you a perfectly hard-cooked yolk with no green ring, and a white that’s cooked but not rubbery. For soft-boiled eggs, let sit for six minutes instead of ten. My favourite way to eat a hard-boiled egg is in a Tuna nicoise sandwich, a method I adapted from Thomas Keller’s tuna nicoise tartine in his great book Bouchon. Keller uses more ingredients than I do because he’s Thomas Keller. Tuna nicoise sandwich Ingredients:One small baguetteCrisp lettuceTwo eggsTinned or jar tuna in olive oil, best quality you can afford1 shallot, finely chopped (if it’s a big banana shallot, use half of one)1 fistful of flat-leaf parsley, finely choppedThe leaves from a few sprigs of tarragon, finely choppedTwo cloves of garlic, minced or put through a press, I lost patience with that Never use a garlic press s*** years agoGood mayonnaise—you can make your own, but I prefer Japanese mayo such as Kewpie or Kenko. But use whatever you like.1 tbsp cornichons, finely chopped1/2 tbsp capers, finely choppedPitted black olives1 lemonSea salt and freshly ground black pepperMethod:Hard-boil the eggs. When cool, shell them and slice them thinly. If you are never cool, shell them and slice them thinly anyway.Drain tuna. Mix tuna with herbs, shallot, cornichons, capers and enough mayo to make a nice chunky, interestingly textured spread. Don’t let the tuna flake completely into tiny bits. Season to taste. You do not want everything to be swimming in gallons of mayo. The mayo is the host of the party but it doesn’t want to outshine its guests. You can make this earlier and chill it, covered in film.I like to heat up the baguette a little to make it more crispy. Slice it lengthways.Mix garlic with more mayo until you have aioli, of sorts. It should be nice and garlicky.Spread lower cut surface of baguette with aioli. Pave it with slices of lettuce.Add your tuna mixture and decorate with slices of hard-boiled egg.Merrily strew this with olives. Squeeze lemon over the top to taste.Season.Cut baguette in half on the bias, and enjoy with a glass of something red and French.","he hard-boiled egg! Which of us have not suffered through hard-boiled eggs that were grey, rubbery and noxious? I know I have. Years of experiment, and also reading J. Kenji Lopez-Alt who did actual experiments, has led me to the following method:Place egg in cold water.Bring to boil.Allow to boil for one minute.Remove pan from heat.Let sit for 10 minutes.At the end of 10 minutes, run egg under a cold tap or, better, plunge it into an ice bath to cool it down.Ten minutes gives you a perfectly hard-cooked yolk with no green ring, and a white that’s cooked but not rubbery. For soft-boiled eggs, lContinue ReadingThe hard-boiled egg! Which of us have not suffered through hard-boiled eggs that were grey, rubbery and noxious? I know I have. Years of experiment, and also reading J. Kenji Lopez-Alt who did actual experiments, has led me to the following method:Place egg in cold water.Bring to boil.Allow to boil for one minute.Remove pan from heat.Let sit for 10 minutes.At the end of 10 minutes, run egg under a cold tap or, better, plunge it into an ice bath to cool it down.Ten minutes gives you a perfectly hard-cooked yolk with no green ring, and a white that’s cooked but not rubbery. For soft-boiled eggs, let sit for six minutes instead of ten. My favourite way to eat a hard-boiled egg is in a Tuna nicoise sandwich, a method I adapted from Thomas Keller’s tuna nicoise tartine in his great book Bouchon. Keller uses more ingredients than I do because he’s Thomas Keller. Tuna nicoise sandwich Ingredients:One small baguetteCrisp lettuceTwo eggsTinned or jar tuna in olive oil, best quality you can afford1 shallot, finely chopped (if it’s a big banana shallot, use half of one)1 fistful of flat-leaf parsley, finely choppedThe leaves from a few sprigs of tarragon, finely choppedTwo cloves of garlic, minced or put through a press, I lost patience with that Never use a garlic press s*** years agoGood mayonnaise—you can make your own, but I prefer Japanese mayo such as Kewpie or Kenko. But use whatever you like.1 tbsp cornichons, finely chopped1/2 tbsp capers, finely choppedPitted black olives1 lemonSea salt and freshly ground black pepperMethod:Hard-boil the eggs. When cool, shell them and slice them thinly. If you are never cool, shell them and slice them thinly anyway.Drain tuna. Mix tuna with herbs, shallot, cornichons, capers and enough mayo to make a nice chunky, interestingly textured spread. Don’t let the tuna flake completely into tiny bits. Season to taste. You do not want everything to be swimming in gallons of mayo. The mayo is the host of the party but it doesn’t want to outshine its guests. You can make this earlier and chill it, covered in film.I like to heat up the baguette a little to make it more crispy. Slice it lengthways.Mix garlic with more mayo until you have aioli, of sorts. It should be nice and garlicky.Spread lower cut surface of baguette with aioli. Pave it with slices of lettuce.Add your tuna mixture and decorate with slices of hard-boiled egg.Merrily strew this with olives. Squeeze lemon over the top to taste.Season.Cut baguette in half on the bias, and enjoy with a glass of something red and French. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Oprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here.","prah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There’s a reason that deviled eggs, Cobb (or Nicoise) salad, and egg salad sandwiches have been popular for decades. Those are on the short list for the best ways to serve hard-boiled eggs. There are noteworthy variations on some of these.https://www.yummly.com/recipe/Pimento-Cheese-Deviled-Eggs-2387578?prm-v1Eggs Mornay (eggs unBennedict): Instead of hollandaise, make a Swiss cheese sauce (béchamel and Swiss) and slice some boiled eggs instead of poaching eggs.Delicious Egg Salad for SandwichesThis egg salad is quick to prep and easy to make with hard-cooked eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, paprika, and green onions. Perfect for sandwiches!https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147103/delicious-egg-salad-for-sandwiches/A favorite of mine:Baked Eggs In Casserole RecipeFrom The Williamsburg Cookbook in the mid 70s that I have enjoyed occasionally over the last 30 years. A good cure for excess ham or boiled eggs. A very good dish.https://www.recipezazz.com/recipe/baked-eggs-in-casserole-16596Just a few ideas.Continue ReadingThere’s a reason that deviled eggs, Cobb (or Nicoise) salad, and egg salad sandwiches have been popular for decades. Those are on the short list for the best ways to serve hard-boiled eggs. There are noteworthy variations on some of these.https://www.yummly.com/recipe/Pimento-Cheese-Deviled-Eggs-2387578?prm-v1Eggs Mornay (eggs unBennedict): Instead of hollandaise, make a Swiss cheese sauce (béchamel and Swiss) and slice some boiled eggs instead of poaching eggs.Delicious Egg Salad for SandwichesThis egg salad is quick to prep and easy to make with hard-cooked eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, paprika, and green onions. Perfect for sandwiches!https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147103/delicious-egg-salad-for-sandwiches/A favorite of mine:Baked Eggs In Casserole RecipeFrom The Williamsburg Cookbook in the mid 70s that I have enjoyed occasionally over the last 30 years. A good cure for excess ham or boiled eggs. A very good dish.https://www.recipezazz.com/recipe/baked-eggs-in-casserole-16596Just a few ideas.","here’s a reason that deviled eggs, Cobb (or Nicoise) salad, and egg salad sandwiches have been popular for decades. Those are on the short list for the best ways to serve hard-boiled eggs. There are noteworthy variations on some of these.https://www.yummly.com/recipe/Pimento-Cheese-Deviled-Eggs-2387578?prm-v1Eggs Mornay (eggs unBennedict): Instead of hollandaise, make a Swiss cheese sauce (béchamel and Swiss) and slice some boiled eggs instead of poaching eggs.Delicious Egg Salad for SandwichesThis egg salad is quick to prep and easy to make with hard-cooked eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, paprika, and green onions. Perfect for sandwiches!https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147103/delicious-egg-salad-for-sandwiches/A favorite of mine:Baked Eggs In Casserole RecipeFrom The Williamsburg Cookbook in the mid 70s that I have enjoyed occasionally over the last 30 years. A good cure for excess ham or boiled eggs. A very good dish.https://www.recipezazz.com/recipe/baked-eggs-in-casserole-16596Just a few ideas.Continue ReadingThere’s a reason that deviled eggs, Cobb (or Nicoise) salad, and egg salad sandwiches have been popular for decades. Those are on the short list for the best ways to serve hard-boiled eggs. There are noteworthy variations on some of these.https://www.yummly.com/recipe/Pimento-Cheese-Deviled-Eggs-2387578?prm-v1Eggs Mornay (eggs unBennedict): Instead of hollandaise, make a Swiss cheese sauce (béchamel and Swiss) and slice some boiled eggs instead of poaching eggs.Delicious Egg Salad for SandwichesThis egg salad is quick to prep and easy to make with hard-cooked eggs, mayonnaise, mustard, paprika, and green onions. Perfect for sandwiches!https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/147103/delicious-egg-salad-for-sandwiches/A favorite of mine:Baked Eggs In Casserole RecipeFrom The Williamsburg Cookbook in the mid 70s that I have enjoyed occasionally over the last 30 years. A good cure for excess ham or boiled eggs. A very good dish.https://www.recipezazz.com/recipe/baked-eggs-in-casserole-16596Just a few ideas. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Take eggs out of the fridge. Let them come to room temperature, alternatively place them in water in a vessel. Add enough water. Let water and eggs come to the same temperature. Add a pinch of salt to that water. This prevents cracking of shells and albumen spilling out or getting cooked albumen all over in the boiled water. Keep the vessel in a sim flame if there are few eggs and medium flame if moContinue ReadingTake eggs out of the fridge. Let them come to room temperature, alternatively place them in water in a vessel. Add enough water. Let water and eggs come to the same temperature. Add a pinch of salt to that water. This prevents cracking of shells and albumen spilling out or getting cooked albumen all over in the boiled water. Keep the vessel in a sim flame if there are few eggs and medium flame if more than 8 eg...","ake eggs out of the fridge. Let them come to room temperature, alternatively place them in water in a vessel. Add enough water. Let water and eggs come to the same temperature. Add a pinch of salt to that water. This prevents cracking of shells and albumen spilling out or getting cooked albumen all over in the boiled water. Keep the vessel in a sim flame if there are few eggs and medium flame if moContinue ReadingTake eggs out of the fridge. Let them come to room temperature, alternatively place them in water in a vessel. Add enough water. Let water and eggs come to the same temperature. Add a pinch of salt to that water. This prevents cracking of shells and albumen spilling out or getting cooked albumen all over in the boiled water. Keep the vessel in a sim flame if there are few eggs and medium flame if more than 8 eg... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('steps')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","mile"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The number of steps in a mile can vary from person to person based on factors such as stride length and walking or running pace. On average, a typical person might take about 2,000 to 2,500 steps to walk a mile. However, this is just a rough estimate, and the actual number of steps can vary widely. If you want a more accurate count of your steps per mile, you can measure it by counting your steps while walking or running a known distance and then calculating the average number of steps it takes for you personally to cover a mile. Modern fitness trackers and pedometers can also provide a more prContinue ReadingThe number of steps in a mile can vary from person to person based on factors such as stride length and walking or running pace. On average, a typical person might take about 2,000 to 2,500 steps to walk a mile. However, this is just a rough estimate, and the actual number of steps can vary widely. If you want a more accurate count of your steps per mile, you can measure it by counting your steps while walking or running a known distance and then calculating the average number of steps it takes for you personally to cover a mile. Modern fitness trackers and pedometers can also provide a more precise count of your steps.","he number of steps in a mile can vary from person to person based on factors such as stride length and walking or running pace. On average, a typical person might take about 2,000 to 2,500 steps to walk a mile. However, this is just a rough estimate, and the actual number of steps can vary widely. If you want a more accurate count of your steps per mile, you can measure it by counting your steps while walking or running a known distance and then calculating the average number of steps it takes for you personally to cover a mile. Modern fitness trackers and pedometers can also provide a more prContinue ReadingThe number of steps in a mile can vary from person to person based on factors such as stride length and walking or running pace. On average, a typical person might take about 2,000 to 2,500 steps to walk a mile. However, this is just a rough estimate, and the actual number of steps can vary widely. If you want a more accurate count of your steps per mile, you can measure it by counting your steps while walking or running a known distance and then calculating the average number of steps it takes for you personally to cover a mile. Modern fitness trackers and pedometers can also provide a more precise count of your steps. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well it depends upon who is walking. The average length of a step for a man of average height is about 26 and for a woman of average height about 22½. These would be greater or smaller for taller or shorter people. It also depends upon how briskly the person is walking. But lets use those numbers. Noting that there are 5,280 feet in a mile and 12 in a foot, the number of steps would be: 5280 * 12 / 30 = 2,112 steps for a man of average height walking at a normal speed. 5280 * 12 / 26.5 = 2,391 steps for a woman of average height walking at a normal speed. Id give the answer as a range, alloContinue ReadingWell it depends upon who is walking. The average length of a step for a man of average height is about 26 and for a woman of average height about 22½. These would be greater or smaller for taller or shorter people. It also depends upon how briskly the person is walking. But lets use those numbers. Noting that there are 5,280 feet in a mile and 12 in a foot, the number of steps would be: 5280 * 12 / 30 = 2,112 steps for a man of average height walking at a normal speed. 5280 * 12 / 26.5 = 2,391 steps for a woman of average height walking at a normal speed. Id give the answer as a range, allowing for individual variation, say +/- 10%, rounding to the nearest 100:About 1,900 to 2,300 for a manAbout 2,200 to 2,600 for a woman.","ell it depends upon who is walking. The average length of a step for a man of average height is about 26 and for a woman of average height about 22½. These would be greater or smaller for taller or shorter people. It also depends upon how briskly the person is walking. But lets use those numbers. Noting that there are 5,280 feet in a mile and 12 in a foot, the number of steps would be: 5280 * 12 / 30 = 2,112 steps for a man of average height walking at a normal speed. 5280 * 12 / 26.5 = 2,391 steps for a woman of average height walking at a normal speed. Id give the answer as a range, alloContinue ReadingWell it depends upon who is walking. The average length of a step for a man of average height is about 26 and for a woman of average height about 22½. These would be greater or smaller for taller or shorter people. It also depends upon how briskly the person is walking. But lets use those numbers. Noting that there are 5,280 feet in a mile and 12 in a foot, the number of steps would be: 5280 * 12 / 30 = 2,112 steps for a man of average height walking at a normal speed. 5280 * 12 / 26.5 = 2,391 steps for a woman of average height walking at a normal speed. Id give the answer as a range, allowing for individual variation, say +/- 10%, rounding to the nearest 100:About 1,900 to 2,300 for a manAbout 2,200 to 2,600 for a woman. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","cake"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"It could be made on the stove with the help of a pressure cooker. I had tried it many times, it is so delicious to taste.","t could be made on the stove with the help of a pressure cooker. I had tried it many times, it is so delicious to taste. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can use a cooking pot. Get all your ingredients together ( flour,baking soda, sugar,butter,eggs,vanilla) mix together, put everything in your baking pan. Baking without oven You can use a cooking gas or stove. In a cooking pot,add a little quantity of sand or some pieces of stone,place your baking pan in the pot and cover it. Reduce your stove to medium heat to avoid your cake from burning","You can use a cooking pot. Get all your ingredients together ( flour,baking soda, sugar,butter,eggs,vanilla) mix together, put everything in your baking pan. Baking without oven You can use a cooking gas or stove. In a cooking pot,add a little quantity of sand or some pieces of stone,place your baking pan in the pot and cover it. Reduce your stove to medium heat to avoid your cake from burning |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","pint"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"American half pint, eight ounces; Imperial (i.e. UK) half pint, ten. The American pint (and consequently gallon) is the wine pint of 16 fl oz; the Imperial pint is the beer pint of 20 fl oz. It is sillinesses like this that has favoured the global adoption of SI (metric) units. But it took the loss of a Mars probe before NASA insisted that all engineering was done in SI units. And, if you’re drinking beer in the UK (happy circumstance!), remember, the beer itself is likely stronger, but the pints are certainly bigger. So be careful!","American half pint, eight ounces; Imperial (i.e. UK) half pint, ten. The American pint (and consequently gallon) is the wine pint of 16 fl oz; the Imperial pint is the beer pint of 20 fl oz. It is sillinesses like this that has favoured the global adoption of SI (metric) units. But it took the loss of a Mars probe before NASA insisted that all engineering was done in SI units. And, if you’re drinking beer in the UK (happy circumstance!), remember, the beer itself is likely stronger, but the pints are certainly bigger. So be careful! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","have you tried this wonderful thing that came out many years ago called google? the answer is it depends on where you are and what the item is but for us fluid ounces ( fl oz) its 8 “1 Pint [Fluid, US] = 16 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [Dry, US] = 18.618 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [UK] = 20 Ounces [Fluid, UK] “There are 16 fluid ounces in a pint in US and 20 fluid ounces in an imperial pint. It is because the imperial pints (568.261 ml) are larger than the US fluid pints (473.176 ml) but imperial ounces (28.413062 ml) are smaller than the US fluid ounces (29.573 ml). That makes, 568.261 ml / 28.4130Continue Readinghave you tried this wonderful thing that came out many years ago called google? the answer is it depends on where you are and what the item is but for us fluid ounces ( fl oz) its 8 “1 Pint [Fluid, US] = 16 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [Dry, US] = 18.618 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [UK] = 20 Ounces [Fluid, UK] “There are 16 fluid ounces in a pint in US and 20 fluid ounces in an imperial pint. It is because the imperial pints (568.261 ml) are larger than the US fluid pints (473.176 ml) but imperial ounces (28.413062 ml) are smaller than the US fluid ounces (29.573 ml). That makes, 568.261 ml / 28.413062 ml = 20 fl. ounces in an imperial pint and 473.176 ml / 29.573 ml = 16 fl. ounces in a US fluid pint. For example, to calculate how many ounces in 3 pints of water in US, multiply the pint value by the conversion factor, 3 pt * 16 = 48 fl. oz of water in 3 pints. Pint is an imperial and US customary volume unit. There is one type of pint in imperial system and 2 types (liquid and dry) in US customary system. It is widely used in daily life, such as measuring beer or milk. The abbreviation for pint is pt. Fluid ounce is an imperial and US customary volume unit. The abbreviation for fluid ounce is fl oz.”","have you tried this wonderful thing that came out many years ago called google? the answer is it depends on where you are and what the item is but for us fluid ounces ( fl oz) its 8 “1 Pint [Fluid, US] = 16 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [Dry, US] = 18.618 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [UK] = 20 Ounces [Fluid, UK] “There are 16 fluid ounces in a pint in US and 20 fluid ounces in an imperial pint. It is because the imperial pints (568.261 ml) are larger than the US fluid pints (473.176 ml) but imperial ounces (28.413062 ml) are smaller than the US fluid ounces (29.573 ml). That makes, 568.261 ml / 28.4130Continue Readinghave you tried this wonderful thing that came out many years ago called google? the answer is it depends on where you are and what the item is but for us fluid ounces ( fl oz) its 8 “1 Pint [Fluid, US] = 16 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [Dry, US] = 18.618 Ounces [Fluid, US] 1 Pint [UK] = 20 Ounces [Fluid, UK] “There are 16 fluid ounces in a pint in US and 20 fluid ounces in an imperial pint. It is because the imperial pints (568.261 ml) are larger than the US fluid pints (473.176 ml) but imperial ounces (28.413062 ml) are smaller than the US fluid ounces (29.573 ml). That makes, 568.261 ml / 28.413062 ml = 20 fl. ounces in an imperial pint and 473.176 ml / 29.573 ml = 16 fl. ounces in a US fluid pint. For example, to calculate how many ounces in 3 pints of water in US, multiply the pint value by the conversion factor, 3 pt * 16 = 48 fl. oz of water in 3 pints. Pint is an imperial and US customary volume unit. There is one type of pint in imperial system and 2 types (liquid and dry) in US customary system. It is widely used in daily life, such as measuring beer or milk. The abbreviation for pint is pt. Fluid ounce is an imperial and US customary volume unit. The abbreviation for fluid ounce is fl oz.” |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Assuming with are talking about liquid measurement 16 liquid (fluid) ounces are equal to one (1) liquid pint. So half-a-pint is eight (8) ounces, or a cup.","ssuming with are talking about liquid measurement 16 liquid (fluid) ounces are equal to one (1) liquid pint. So half-a-pint is eight (8) ounces, or a cup. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","8 fluid oz or one cup, in a half a US pint."," fluid oz or one cup, in a half a US pint. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('start')|","blog"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Here are the first step to create your first blog 1.Tools of Trade You need a few things. First, you need a device you can create your content from. This can be your computer or your mobile phone. You can always just buy a wireless Bluetooth keyboard. 2. Your own little online space Next, you will need a domain, hosting and a WordPress website. This will need a little bit of an investment. Don’t worry, we are not talking about any astronomical numbers. You can even start for free, but I will tell you all about it in the next article. 3. A specific niche Before you make your blog, you will also need Continue ReadingHere are the first step to create your first blog 1.Tools of Trade You need a few things. First, you need a device you can create your content from. This can be your computer or your mobile phone. You can always just buy a wireless Bluetooth keyboard. 2. Your own little online space Next, you will need a domain, hosting and a WordPress website. This will need a little bit of an investment. Don’t worry, we are not talking about any astronomical numbers. You can even start for free, but I will tell you all about it in the next article. 3. A specific niche Before you make your blog, you will also need to figure out what the blog will be about. A niche is an aim at a specific part of the market. You need to think hard about your niche. Nothing stops you from making a blog about everything, but don’t expect to make money out of it in some reasonable time, if ever. If you want to be successful, you need a niche. And you need to stick with it for a long time. So, make sure you will find something you enjoy or something you enjoy researching. The more specific you can get the better. Examples of niches you can write your blog about are:Pet trainingParentingCookingFinancesFitness – focusing on niches like callisthenics, CrossFit, yoga and more are even betterTravel etc.and much more… When you have a niche selected, try to research if there are products you could sell or affiliate programs you could join. You can do so by writing your niche into Google and putting “affiliate” behind it or the word “products”. 4. The unbreakable will The last and most important things you will need are patience, a strong passion and will to continue even when you don’t feel like it. As good as blogging can be, you can never become successful fast. There are people that write 3-5 articles and expect the world to suddenly know who they are. This is unrealistic. If you wish to have this sort of income, you need to be consistent with your efforts. You must understand this is not an overnight success thing. Blogging takes time. This is why I said you will need passion. If you will end up with a niche you chose just for the vision of money, you will eventually dread writing every article. Your blog needs to be something you enjoy most of the time. There will be times when you will hate it, especially at the beginning. You will be writing articles to barely any readers. I promise though, those times will pass. You just need to stick to it. Blogging is a long journey and you need to keep walking to get closer to success. No matter how far it seems. Some other important things you need to know before you start 1.Staying consistent To be successful, you will need to be consistent. This means writing a blog post 2-3 times a week, every single week. You can write more often, but there is a risk of burning out. Weigh out the pros and cons. Faster writing means more content and faster discovery rate. If you create a review blog, it might be also directly tied to the growth of your income. Slower posts mean you can keep up much easier and have more time to research your ideas. Quality over quantity applies in blogging as well. You can also schedule your posts for the future. This means you can prepare posts for a month ahead and then have time to do other things. 2. Research is the key Let’s be honest. No matter how much knowledge you have, you will never have enough information to keep up blogging without research. Research is the key to success. Yes, it turns out success has quite a few locks. You should be in a constant state of learning. Always strive to be better. If you become stagnant, your readers will notice and go elsewhere. Don’t worry though. Research is what you are doing right now. That’s why you are reading this article after all, so you are already going in the right direction. 3. Networking and marketing To speed up your growth, it will be necessary to learn how to network or market your blog. Blogging is about sharing your knowledge, creations or stories with people. As much as this seems like something you will be doing alone, it doesn’t have to be. You can and should ask for help. And, to make money from your efforts, you will also need to learn some marketing strategies to do so. I will go over all these things, so don’t worry. We are in this together. Hope useful","Here are the first step to create your first blog 1.Tools of Trade You need a few things. First, you need a device you can create your content from. This can be your computer or your mobile phone. You can always just buy a wireless Bluetooth keyboard. 2. Your own little online space Next, you will need a domain, hosting and a WordPress website. This will need a little bit of an investment. Don’t worry, we are not talking about any astronomical numbers. You can even start for free, but I will tell you all about it in the next article. 3. A specific niche Before you make your blog, you will also need Continue ReadingHere are the first step to create your first blog 1.Tools of Trade You need a few things. First, you need a device you can create your content from. This can be your computer or your mobile phone. You can always just buy a wireless Bluetooth keyboard. 2. Your own little online space Next, you will need a domain, hosting and a WordPress website. This will need a little bit of an investment. Don’t worry, we are not talking about any astronomical numbers. You can even start for free, but I will tell you all about it in the next article. 3. A specific niche Before you make your blog, you will also need to figure out what the blog will be about. A niche is an aim at a specific part of the market. You need to think hard about your niche. Nothing stops you from making a blog about everything, but don’t expect to make money out of it in some reasonable time, if ever. If you want to be successful, you need a niche. And you need to stick with it for a long time. So, make sure you will find something you enjoy or something you enjoy researching. The more specific you can get the better. Examples of niches you can write your blog about are:Pet trainingParentingCookingFinancesFitness – focusing on niches like callisthenics, CrossFit, yoga and more are even betterTravel etc.and much more… When you have a niche selected, try to research if there are products you could sell or affiliate programs you could join. You can do so by writing your niche into Google and putting “affiliate” behind it or the word “products”. 4. The unbreakable will The last and most important things you will need are patience, a strong passion and will to continue even when you don’t feel like it. As good as blogging can be, you can never become successful fast. There are people that write 3-5 articles and expect the world to suddenly know who they are. This is unrealistic. If you wish to have this sort of income, you need to be consistent with your efforts. You must understand this is not an overnight success thing. Blogging takes time. This is why I said you will need passion. If you will end up with a niche you chose just for the vision of money, you will eventually dread writing every article. Your blog needs to be something you enjoy most of the time. There will be times when you will hate it, especially at the beginning. You will be writing articles to barely any readers. I promise though, those times will pass. You just need to stick to it. Blogging is a long journey and you need to keep walking to get closer to success. No matter how far it seems. Some other important things you need to know before you start 1.Staying consistent To be successful, you will need to be consistent. This means writing a blog post 2-3 times a week, every single week. You can write more often, but there is a risk of burning out. Weigh out the pros and cons. Faster writing means more content and faster discovery rate. If you create a review blog, it might be also directly tied to the growth of your income. Slower posts mean you can keep up much easier and have more time to research your ideas. Quality over quantity applies in blogging as well. You can also schedule your posts for the future. This means you can prepare posts for a month ahead and then have time to do other things. 2. Research is the key Let’s be honest. No matter how much knowledge you have, you will never have enough information to keep up blogging without research. Research is the key to success. Yes, it turns out success has quite a few locks. You should be in a constant state of learning. Always strive to be better. If you become stagnant, your readers will notice and go elsewhere. Don’t worry though. Research is what you are doing right now. That’s why you are reading this article after all, so you are already going in the right direction. 3. Networking and marketing To speed up your growth, it will be necessary to learn how to network or market your blog. Blogging is about sharing your knowledge, creations or stories with people. As much as this seems like something you will be doing alone, it doesn’t have to be. You can and should ask for help. And, to make money from your efforts, you will also need to learn some marketing strategies to do so. I will go over all these things, so don’t worry. We are in this together. Hope useful |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can be a blogger, even if you don’t know anything. I will give you a workable plan so that you can start your own blog untill you discover that you know something and start writing on your own ideas. Identify couple of topics in which you are interested. List those topics. Lets call themTopic #1Topic #2Now start reading what is published on these two topics. Spend at least couple of hours a day reading all the published content on these topics.You can google,you can explore Quora,read the articles published on the topic on Medium.com,explore the pinup boards on Pintrest.Now the important parContinue ReadingYou can be a blogger, even if you don’t know anything. I will give you a workable plan so that you can start your own blog untill you discover that you know something and start writing on your own ideas. Identify couple of topics in which you are interested. List those topics. Lets call themTopic #1Topic #2Now start reading what is published on these two topics. Spend at least couple of hours a day reading all the published content on these topics.You can google,you can explore Quora,read the articles published on the topic on Medium.com,explore the pinup boards on Pintrest.Now the important part.By this time, because of the extensive reading you had done, you would have made up some ideas on the topics that you have read.You would have been mighty impressed with some of the articles on the topics of your interest.Now start you blog with the name of your choice. You can start a Curated blog just by pasting the links of the articles that has impressed you on the two topics you had selected. Also, start sharing your thoughts about the two topics based on the extensive reading that you had done. You can simply start writing your own article just by expressing your opinions on the already written articles. Practice this for two to three months. You will build up vast knowledge base. Once you feel confident, you can start blogging with your own authentic Ideas.","ou can be a blogger, even if you don’t know anything. I will give you a workable plan so that you can start your own blog untill you discover that you know something and start writing on your own ideas. Identify couple of topics in which you are interested. List those topics. Lets call themTopic #1Topic #2Now start reading what is published on these two topics. Spend at least couple of hours a day reading all the published content on these topics.You can google,you can explore Quora,read the articles published on the topic on Medium.com,explore the pinup boards on Pintrest.Now the important parContinue ReadingYou can be a blogger, even if you don’t know anything. I will give you a workable plan so that you can start your own blog untill you discover that you know something and start writing on your own ideas. Identify couple of topics in which you are interested. List those topics. Lets call themTopic #1Topic #2Now start reading what is published on these two topics. Spend at least couple of hours a day reading all the published content on these topics.You can google,you can explore Quora,read the articles published on the topic on Medium.com,explore the pinup boards on Pintrest.Now the important part.By this time, because of the extensive reading you had done, you would have made up some ideas on the topics that you have read.You would have been mighty impressed with some of the articles on the topics of your interest.Now start you blog with the name of your choice. You can start a Curated blog just by pasting the links of the articles that has impressed you on the two topics you had selected. Also, start sharing your thoughts about the two topics based on the extensive reading that you had done. You can simply start writing your own article just by expressing your opinions on the already written articles. Practice this for two to three months. You will build up vast knowledge base. Once you feel confident, you can start blogging with your own authentic Ideas. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","blog"}, nil, {0,1}, nil, nil, nil,{"Blog: A blog is a platform where you can express your knowledge in your own words and inform your users about that thing. Whatever subject you have good knowledge about, you can start your own blog related to that topic, and can give information to your users. Blog is a product of Google which works like a website, it is a free service provided by Google, through the blog, you can share your things with the whole world. Blog is a website that can be created absolutely free of cost and Google has made its interface in such a way that everyone can easily use it and the way a website works, it can Continue ReadingBlog: A blog is a platform where you can express your knowledge in your own words and inform your users about that thing. Whatever subject you have good knowledge about, you can start your own blog related to that topic, and can give information to your users. Blog is a product of Google which works like a website, it is a free service provided by Google, through the blog, you can share your things with the whole world. Blog is a website that can be created absolutely free of cost and Google has made its interface in such a way that everyone can easily use it and the way a website works, it can be used in the same way.Types of the blog: We cannot count the types of blogs in points, because any blog can be on any topic, and it can also be on a part of a topic. So there are several types of blogs, some of which are mentioned below about the main types of blogs. 1. Personal blog: In a personal blog, you can write about your personality and yourself. 2. Business blog: If you do a business, you can create a blog for your business. 3. News Blog: Through the news blog, you can inform the public with the latest news. 4. Technical blog: If you have any kind of technical knowledge, then you can create your own technical blog. 5. Niche blog: Niche blog is a short form of a big blog, in which you can tell about a part of a big topic. 6. Guest Blog: Through the guest blog, you can invite writers to a blog and tell them their experience and knowledge. 7. Affiliate blog: If you want to earn by promoting a product, you can also create an affiliate blog. 8. Media blog: You can reach people through the Internet by putting videos, photos, and songs on media blogs. 9. Travel Blog: If you are fond of traveling then you can make a travel blog about your travels. 10. Micro Blog: In micro blog, you can write articles on any one small topic. Nowadays microblog is becoming very famous.How to create a blog: The first step in creating a blog is on which subject the blog should be made. You can create your own blog on whatever subject you have a good knowledge of. You can also increase your knowledge by reading other peoples blogs. The most important thing to create a successful blog is the content written in the blog. You should write your article in detail so that the reader can understand it.Blog Platforms: On which platform should you make your blog articles public, and which platform is the best. To start blogging, if you have taken free hosting, then Blogger gives you two things at once. First free hosting, second blogging platform. That is, if you are using free hosting in Blogspot, then you do not need to take any separate blogging platform. And if you are taking paid hosting then you have to install a blogging platform in your hosting. The best blogging platform is WordPress. WordPress is available for free. Install WordPress in your hosting. After that, you can set the basic things you need in WordPress. For example, if you make your blog name, blog URL, and some settings, then your blogging platform is ready.Best Blog Platforms: There are many blogging platforms available today to create a blog, through which you can create a great and good looking blog in minutes. We are not telling about all the blogging platforms here but are giving information about some popular blogging tools. With the help of which you can also set up a blog easily.BloggerWordPressWixMediumTumblrSquarespaceWeeblyGhostLiveJournalTypepadQuoraWhat are the requirements to make a blog: 1. Domain: A domain is a service that connects to any web hosting to establish any organization or person online. 2. Web Hosting: Web Hosting is a service with the help of which a company or a person can create their website on the Internet. Web Hosting makes the pages, posts of any blog or website visible on the Internet with the help of its server. On the Internet, you can make your blog on some good platforms. 3. Blog Platform: After that, it is the turn to choose the right blog platform. There are many blog platforms on the internet but we recommend WordPress. In this, you get a lot of features that are not present in any other blogging platform. If you want, you can also create your blog in Googles free blogging platform BlogSpot (Blogger).Benefits of blog:Blogging helps you master your field. Meaning that you get stronger knowledge in your field.You get your ideas and style of expressing yourself well.You can make a lot of money. If you could reach your blog to a lot of people. And get your website or blog ranked in Google.The biggest advantage you get from blogging is this. That people all over the world know you.If you can make people happy with your words, then your name automatically starts spreading everywhere.","log: A blog is a platform where you can express your knowledge in your own words and inform your users about that thing. Whatever subject you have good knowledge about, you can start your own blog related to that topic, and can give information to your users. Blog is a product of Google which works like a website, it is a free service provided by Google, through the blog, you can share your things with the whole world. Blog is a website that can be created absolutely free of cost and Google has made its interface in such a way that everyone can easily use it and the way a website works, it can Continue ReadingBlog: A blog is a platform where you can express your knowledge in your own words and inform your users about that thing. Whatever subject you have good knowledge about, you can start your own blog related to that topic, and can give information to your users. Blog is a product of Google which works like a website, it is a free service provided by Google, through the blog, you can share your things with the whole world. Blog is a website that can be created absolutely free of cost and Google has made its interface in such a way that everyone can easily use it and the way a website works, it can be used in the same way.Types of the blog: We cannot count the types of blogs in points, because any blog can be on any topic, and it can also be on a part of a topic. So there are several types of blogs, some of which are mentioned below about the main types of blogs. 1. Personal blog: In a personal blog, you can write about your personality and yourself. 2. Business blog: If you do a business, you can create a blog for your business. 3. News Blog: Through the news blog, you can inform the public with the latest news. 4. Technical blog: If you have any kind of technical knowledge, then you can create your own technical blog. 5. Niche blog: Niche blog is a short form of a big blog, in which you can tell about a part of a big topic. 6. Guest Blog: Through the guest blog, you can invite writers to a blog and tell them their experience and knowledge. 7. Affiliate blog: If you want to earn by promoting a product, you can also create an affiliate blog. 8. Media blog: You can reach people through the Internet by putting videos, photos, and songs on media blogs. 9. Travel Blog: If you are fond of traveling then you can make a travel blog about your travels. 10. Micro Blog: In micro blog, you can write articles on any one small topic. Nowadays microblog is becoming very famous.How to create a blog: The first step in creating a blog is on which subject the blog should be made. You can create your own blog on whatever subject you have a good knowledge of. You can also increase your knowledge by reading other peoples blogs. The most important thing to create a successful blog is the content written in the blog. You should write your article in detail so that the reader can understand it.Blog Platforms: On which platform should you make your blog articles public, and which platform is the best. To start blogging, if you have taken free hosting, then Blogger gives you two things at once. First free hosting, second blogging platform. That is, if you are using free hosting in Blogspot, then you do not need to take any separate blogging platform. And if you are taking paid hosting then you have to install a blogging platform in your hosting. The best blogging platform is WordPress. WordPress is available for free. Install WordPress in your hosting. After that, you can set the basic things you need in WordPress. For example, if you make your blog name, blog URL, and some settings, then your blogging platform is ready.Best Blog Platforms: There are many blogging platforms available today to create a blog, through which you can create a great and good looking blog in minutes. We are not telling about all the blogging platforms here but are giving information about some popular blogging tools. With the help of which you can also set up a blog easily.BloggerWordPressWixMediumTumblrSquarespaceWeeblyGhostLiveJournalTypepadQuoraWhat are the requirements to make a blog: 1. Domain: A domain is a service that connects to any web hosting to establish any organization or person online. 2. Web Hosting: Web Hosting is a service with the help of which a company or a person can create their website on the Internet. Web Hosting makes the pages, posts of any blog or website visible on the Internet with the help of its server. On the Internet, you can make your blog on some good platforms. 3. Blog Platform: After that, it is the turn to choose the right blog platform. There are many blog platforms on the internet but we recommend WordPress. In this, you get a lot of features that are not present in any other blogging platform. If you want, you can also create your blog in Googles free blogging platform BlogSpot (Blogger).Benefits of blog:Blogging helps you master your field. Meaning that you get stronger knowledge in your field.You get your ideas and style of expressing yourself well.You can make a lot of money. If you could reach your blog to a lot of people. And get your website or blog ranked in Google.The biggest advantage you get from blogging is this. That people all over the world know you.If you can make people happy with your words, then your name automatically starts spreading everywhere. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Blogs are one of the forms of web 2.0 publication, in this case, the evolution of what personal pages used to be. Over time, its application and definition have been growing in other fields such as news, opinions, etc. A blog is defined as a website that is updated periodically, where articles of various kinds appear chronologically, from opinions to news, tricks, recipes, and, in general, all sorts of topics. Another feature of blogs is that the published articles, usually called Post (the plural would be posts), appear on the page with the newest first. As something is published, it appearsContinue ReadingBlogs are one of the forms of web 2.0 publication, in this case, the evolution of what personal pages used to be. Over time, its application and definition have been growing in other fields such as news, opinions, etc. A blog is defined as a website that is updated periodically, where articles of various kinds appear chronologically, from opinions to news, tricks, recipes, and, in general, all sorts of topics. Another feature of blogs is that the published articles, usually called Post (the plural would be posts), appear on the page with the newest first. As something is published, it appears on the front page first, and as recent articles are published, the first ones are placed, moving the oldest ones down. Usually, each blog is dedicated to a specific topic, but there may be several varied topics (the case of the personal blog). History of the blog Blogs, as can be read on Wikipedia, were first seen in 1994, when many of us in Spain still didnt even know what the Internet was. They point out that one of the first blogs consisted of nothing more than personal pages, which do not have much to do with current blogs. In any case, the term Weblog was first seen in December 1997 and coined by Jorn Barger. After this, the term blog (which comes from the abbreviation of Weblog) was created, both as a noun and as a verb: blogging (editing a blog or posting, sending a post to a blog). The word blogger also soon began to be used as the person who edits a blog, which could be translated as a blogger in Spanish. The popularization of blogs arose around 1999 when various websites in English began to offer blog creation and hosting services so that Internet users wishing to become bloggers did not have to deal with the technical complications of creating blogs. Your infrastructure for blogging. But until 2002, the term did not go from being something specific to the Internet medium to being introduced into society and even being the object of research and a social phenomenon. The objective of creating a blog is for you to achieve the goals for which you decided to make it. It may sound logical, but many pages on the Internet have a blog without a clear purpose. Different goals of a blog: . Publish articles of interest to your target audience. . Make yourself known as a professional. . Demonstrate what you are capable of doing by showing your knowledge. . Demonstrate that you are up to date with the news and developments in your sector. . Want to share your personal experiences? . Tell fictional or real stories that make the reader reflect. . Get clients. . To find a job.","logs are one of the forms of web 2.0 publication, in this case, the evolution of what personal pages used to be. Over time, its application and definition have been growing in other fields such as news, opinions, etc. A blog is defined as a website that is updated periodically, where articles of various kinds appear chronologically, from opinions to news, tricks, recipes, and, in general, all sorts of topics. Another feature of blogs is that the published articles, usually called Post (the plural would be posts), appear on the page with the newest first. As something is published, it appearsContinue ReadingBlogs are one of the forms of web 2.0 publication, in this case, the evolution of what personal pages used to be. Over time, its application and definition have been growing in other fields such as news, opinions, etc. A blog is defined as a website that is updated periodically, where articles of various kinds appear chronologically, from opinions to news, tricks, recipes, and, in general, all sorts of topics. Another feature of blogs is that the published articles, usually called Post (the plural would be posts), appear on the page with the newest first. As something is published, it appears on the front page first, and as recent articles are published, the first ones are placed, moving the oldest ones down. Usually, each blog is dedicated to a specific topic, but there may be several varied topics (the case of the personal blog). History of the blog Blogs, as can be read on Wikipedia, were first seen in 1994, when many of us in Spain still didnt even know what the Internet was. They point out that one of the first blogs consisted of nothing more than personal pages, which do not have much to do with current blogs. In any case, the term Weblog was first seen in December 1997 and coined by Jorn Barger. After this, the term blog (which comes from the abbreviation of Weblog) was created, both as a noun and as a verb: blogging (editing a blog or posting, sending a post to a blog). The word blogger also soon began to be used as the person who edits a blog, which could be translated as a blogger in Spanish. The popularization of blogs arose around 1999 when various websites in English began to offer blog creation and hosting services so that Internet users wishing to become bloggers did not have to deal with the technical complications of creating blogs. Your infrastructure for blogging. But until 2002, the term did not go from being something specific to the Internet medium to being introduced into society and even being the object of research and a social phenomenon. The objective of creating a blog is for you to achieve the goals for which you decided to make it. It may sound logical, but many pages on the Internet have a blog without a clear purpose. Different goals of a blog: . Publish articles of interest to your target audience. . Make yourself known as a professional. . Demonstrate what you are capable of doing by showing your knowledge. . Demonstrate that you are up to date with the news and developments in your sector. . Want to share your personal experiences? . Tell fictional or real stories that make the reader reflect. . Get clients. . To find a job. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hey here is what is a blog!!In the past, a blog was a personal weblog or journal in which someone could share information or their opinion on a variety of topics. The information was posted synchronically with the time, so the most recent news will appear first. Nowadays, a blog is a regularly updated website or web page, and can either be used for personal use or for a business promoting a product or even the business branch!! And also there are many sites to do a website so check all of that sites and find the best tat will pander your needs to create an amazing site!!Continue ReadingHey here is what is a blog!!In the past, a blog was a personal weblog or journal in which someone could share information or their opinion on a variety of topics. The information was posted synchronically with the time, so the most recent news will appear first. Nowadays, a blog is a regularly updated website or web page, and can either be used for personal use or for a business promoting a product or even the business branch!! And also there are many sites to do a website so check all of that sites and find the best tat will pander your needs to create an amazing site!!","Hey here is what is a blog!!In the past, a blog was a personal weblog or journal in which someone could share information or their opinion on a variety of topics. The information was posted synchronically with the time, so the most recent news will appear first. Nowadays, a blog is a regularly updated website or web page, and can either be used for personal use or for a business promoting a product or even the business branch!! And also there are many sites to do a website so check all of that sites and find the best tat will pander your needs to create an amazing site!!Continue ReadingHey here is what is a blog!!In the past, a blog was a personal weblog or journal in which someone could share information or their opinion on a variety of topics. The information was posted synchronically with the time, so the most recent news will appear first. Nowadays, a blog is a regularly updated website or web page, and can either be used for personal use or for a business promoting a product or even the business branch!! And also there are many sites to do a website so check all of that sites and find the best tat will pander your needs to create an amazing site!! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('backup')|","iphone"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"CONTACT A PROFESSIONAL HACKER","CONTACT A PROFESSIONAL HACKER |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are third party tools to extract the SQLITE database holding the messages. If you backup your iPhone to your computer, the messages are in the backup.  The file name 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 holds the messages. You can use iExplorer to extract the messages. Other extraction software includes:How SMS Export works If you dont want to pay, there are free options that are not as friendly.   Find the file 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 and download SQLite. From the folder where you have downloaded SQLite and the file: sqlite3.exe  3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28Continue ReadingThere are third party tools to extract the SQLITE database holding the messages. If you backup your iPhone to your computer, the messages are in the backup.  The file name 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 holds the messages. You can use iExplorer to extract the messages. Other extraction software includes:How SMS Export works If you dont want to pay, there are free options that are not as friendly.   Find the file 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 and download SQLite. From the folder where you have downloaded SQLite and the file: sqlite3.exe  3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28.output exported.txtselect * from message;.exit You may want to rename the file to something sane.","here are third party tools to extract the SQLITE database holding the messages. If you backup your iPhone to your computer, the messages are in the backup.  The file name 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 holds the messages. You can use iExplorer to extract the messages. Other extraction software includes:How SMS Export works If you dont want to pay, there are free options that are not as friendly.   Find the file 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 and download SQLite. From the folder where you have downloaded SQLite and the file: sqlite3.exe  3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28Continue ReadingThere are third party tools to extract the SQLITE database holding the messages. If you backup your iPhone to your computer, the messages are in the backup.  The file name 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 holds the messages. You can use iExplorer to extract the messages. Other extraction software includes:How SMS Export works If you dont want to pay, there are free options that are not as friendly.   Find the file 3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28 and download SQLite. From the folder where you have downloaded SQLite and the file: sqlite3.exe  3d0d7e5fb2ce288813306e4d4636395e047a3d28.output exported.txtselect * from message;.exit You may want to rename the file to something sane. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you have an iCloud backup from the time before you deleted the text, it is possible to get it back by restoring your phone to that iCloud backup. Check to see if your last iCloud backup is before you deleted your text message. Hope you find it helpful","If you have an iCloud backup from the time before you deleted the text, it is possible to get it back by restoring your phone to that iCloud backup. Check to see if your last iCloud backup is before you deleted your text message. Hope you find it helpful |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","|pal:NRT('dolly')|","parton"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"73","73 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","She’s aging. Just gracefully and with help of a ton of cosmetics and cosmetic surgery! 1955 Parton, age 9!1965 teenaged Parton. Nice Beehive!1975, 29 y/o Parton..definitely looking like an adult now.1985 Parton.1995 Parton2005 Parton. 59 year old Parton still looks great, but clearly she’s aged since above. . .2015 Parton, age 69. Again, still looks great, but you can see signs of aging. . .(happens to all of us).2022 PartonContinue ReadingShe’s aging. Just gracefully and with help of a ton of cosmetics and cosmetic surgery! 1955 Parton, age 9!1965 teenaged Parton. Nice Beehive!1975, 29 y/o Parton..definitely looking like an adult now.1985 Parton.1995 Parton2005 Parton. 59 year old Parton still looks great, but clearly she’s aged since above. . .2015 Parton, age 69. Again, still looks great, but you can see signs of aging. . .(happens to all of us).2022 Parton","She’s aging. Just gracefully and with help of a ton of cosmetics and cosmetic surgery! 1955 Parton, age 9!1965 teenaged Parton. Nice Beehive!1975, 29 y/o Parton..definitely looking like an adult now.1985 Parton.1995 Parton2005 Parton. 59 year old Parton still looks great, but clearly she’s aged since above. . .2015 Parton, age 69. Again, still looks great, but you can see signs of aging. . .(happens to all of us).2022 PartonContinue ReadingShe’s aging. Just gracefully and with help of a ton of cosmetics and cosmetic surgery! 1955 Parton, age 9!1965 teenaged Parton. Nice Beehive!1975, 29 y/o Parton..definitely looking like an adult now.1985 Parton.1995 Parton2005 Parton. 59 year old Parton still looks great, but clearly she’s aged since above. . .2015 Parton, age 69. Again, still looks great, but you can see signs of aging. . .(happens to all of us).2022 Parton |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As far as I know, Dolly Parton never had an “edge”. She has always been a very nice, talented, lady.","s far as I know, Dolly Parton never had an “edge”. She has always been a very nice, talented, lady. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('play')|","poker"}, nil, {-0.5,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are two parts of poker you need to understand: The making and ranking of poker hands.The betting and gambling part (including folding and bluffing).The first is the easiest, the second by far the more important. Standard poker hands are 5 cards that form ranked hands (mostly from most rare, to most common).  A higher rank hand beats a lower rank hand if both make it to the phase of being compared for rank.  Hands of the same rank are compared by the highest card used as part of the rank (As are generally high, except if they are used in an A-2-3-4-5 straight in which case the 5 is the hiContinue ReadingThere are two parts of poker you need to understand: The making and ranking of poker hands.The betting and gambling part (including folding and bluffing).The first is the easiest, the second by far the more important. Standard poker hands are 5 cards that form ranked hands (mostly from most rare, to most common).  A higher rank hand beats a lower rank hand if both make it to the phase of being compared for rank.  Hands of the same rank are compared by the highest card used as part of the rank (As are generally high, except if they are used in an A-2-3-4-5 straight in which case the 5 is the high card, otherwise it is standard order for cards 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10/T, J, Q, K, A is the order from low to high) then by left over cards if still tied.  And then if still tied it can be a split pot where both players tie. From high to low these hands are:Straight flush.  All 5 cards the same suit and all 5 cards in a row.  The highest possible straight flush is AKQJT of the same suit and is called a Royal Flush and is the highest standard poker hand.4 of a kind.  4 of your 5 cards are of the same rank. When QQQQ2 is compared to JJJJK the QQQQ2 is higher because it is 4-queens which beats 4-jacks with the extra card no mattering.  If the 4 of a kind were the same (possible in games where you can share cards with opponents or where wild cards are possible) then the extra card matters.Full House.  Your 5 cards come in just 2 ranks with 3 of one rank and 2 of the other.  When you rank full houses you do so by the 3-card rank.  So QQQ22 is better than JJJKK.  If full houses are of the same 3-card then the rank of the pair matters.  So JJJKK beats JJJTT.Flush.  All 5 of your cards are of the same suit.  When comparing 2 different flushes, which suit they are doesnt matter, but the rank of the cards does matter.  So AT643 of diamonds beats KQJT8 of spades (because the A beats the K) while AK543 of spades beats AK542 of diamonds (because the A and A are tied, the K and K are tied, the 5 and 5 are tied, the 4 and 4 are tied, but the 3 and 2 are different).Straight.  All 5 of your cards are in a row, but they arent all the same suit.  So 6d 7h 8c 9h Td is a ten-high straight.  3-of-a-Kind.  You have 3 copies of one rank, and your other two cards are other ranks (not the same).  So QQQJ4 might be 3-queens.  As with other ranks the 3-of-a-kind are intraranked by the rank of the 3 so TTT32 is higher than 999AK.  If the 3-of-a-kind are the same then you use the other cards so TTTKQ is lower than TTTA2 because the T is tied and the A beats the K.2-pair.  You have 2 different pairs of ranks with a 5th card of a different rank.  So KKTT2 is two-pairs Kings and Tens.  You rank these cards first by the bigger pair, then by the smaller pair, then by the extra card.1-pair.  You have 1 pair of a rank and 3 different cards of all different ranks.  So AA852.  You compare these 1-pair hands by the pair rank first, then the extra cards.Nothing.  You have 5 different ranks, they arent all the same suit, and they arent all sequential.  So AQJ62 of not all the same suit.  You compare these hands by what there highest card is, moving to next highest rank when tied.  So KQ432 is higher than KJT98 because the Ks tie but the Q beat the J.Depending on the form of poker you make your hands in different ways.  You could do it by everyone just getting 5 cards and that is it.  But that is rare.  More commonly youll either have a draw element (you get 5 cards but you get the chance to discard some of your cards and get new ones) or an element where youll get more than 5 cards (often 7 cards) and be able to make the best poker hand from any 5 of those 7.  In westerns the game is usually 5-card draw.  In TV poker today and many casinos the game is texas holdem (where you end up with 7 cards, some of them shared with everyone, and want to make the best 5 card hand). A lot of poker games are played with partial information.  Which means you know something about the other players hands.  In Texas holdem this is done by:Everyone gets 2 cards that only they can see.  There is a round of betting.3 cards are dealt face up on the table that will be shared by everyones hand.  There is a round of betting.1 more card is dealt face up to be shared with everyone.  There is another round of betting.1 final card is dealt face up to be shared with everyone.  There is a final round of betting.If you survive to the end and a showdown against other players then youll compare your best 5 card poker hand mixing the 2 private cards you had at the start and the 5 shared public cards.  You can use any mix of 2 private, 3 shared or 1 private, 4 shared, or 0 private, 5 shared to make your hand (but if you use 0 private, 5 shared you will be at best a tie with the other players still in). In contrast, a typical game of 7-card-stud is played where there are no shared cards, but some of the cards are private, and some of the cards are face up and known to anyone (but only used by one player).  The steps here are: Everyone gets 2 cards facedown and 1 card faceup in front of them.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup (but it is just their card).  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 final card facedown.  There is a round of betting.In the end if multiple players are left for the showdown each player will make their own best 5 card hand from amongst their own personal 7 cards.  Because you can see 4 of their 7 cards face up you know that hand needs to use at least 2 of the faceup cards, so you have some hint about what their hand can be.  Further, you can know which cards cant be in their hand by eliminating the cards that other players had face up as well as the cards that you yourself have faceup as well as facedown. In all of these games you make inferences from the size and strength of the opponents betting actions (raising, calling, checking, etc.) as well as the inferences you can make about how strong their hands can be given what you know about which cards they have to be using and also physical demeanor of the opponent (tells).  In general, the strength of your hand then is less about where it is in the ranking of hands in an absolute sense but where it is likely to fall relative to your opponents on this particular hands (there are some hands where 3-of-a-kind is nearly certain or certain to be the winning hands, there are others where a flush might be quite likely to be a losing hand). Your goal is to win the hands where there is lots of money in the pot, and avoid putting much money into the pots you dont win/that you lose.  The easiest way to do this is to fold your bad hands and also your ok and even good hands if someone else is betting a lot showing a great hand.  Folding means that at some point in the hand when someone makes a bet you decide not to match that bet and give up on the hand.  You now cant win the hand at all, but you dont need to put any more money in the pot.  If you look at all of those betting rounds in texas holdem and 7-card-stud folding early is both your most common move and, arguably, your most important skill and move.  For this reason a lot of games have some sort of blind or ante structure where some players need to put money into the pot early on no matter their hands or even if they have a bad partial hand showing. But you can also sometimes win by pretending to have a great hand and convincing everyone else to give up (and your opponent might be doing that to you).  There can also be situations where players tend not to fold much at all, but also tend not to raise much at all.  You can also be a winning player in some similar situations by just betting aggressively or a lot on your good and great hands, and having your opponents call you action (match your bet).  Now the pots when you have great hands might be $10 and the pots where you had less good hands and werent betting might be only $5.  If you win your equal percent of pots, but 80% of your wins are the $10 pots, youll win more money than you lose. So in general when someone bets money it could be:They have a better hand than you and want you to put more money in the pot so theyll win a bigger pot.They have a better hand than you right now, but they dont want you to keep playing in case you catch up, and they want you to surrender the pot right now.They have a worse hand than you and they want to trick you into folding.  This is known as bluffing.They have a worse hand than you right now, but they have some chances to have a better one if the right things happen, and they want to have you off balance or unsuspecting of it if they do get that better hand (something like 4 cards to a flush).Sometimes it is a combination of some of the above (especially 3 and 4 as a semi-bluff).  And sometimes the player is wrong about the ranking of the hands (I.e., they might think they are bluffing with a worse hand, but actually have a better hand.  Or they might think it is case 1 and they are building a big pot for their better hand, but only their hand is worse than yours and they are actually building your big pot for you). Poker is a very easy game to learn.  But can take more of an effort to get good at.  To be a professional poker player or a very good poker player there can also be a lot of skills to develop and master outside the direct poker game itself including emotional control (tilt control) for how well you deal with being unlucky or even lucky as well as critical skills like table/opponent selection (it is better to be the one-hundred-thousandth best poker player in the world playing against opponents who arent in the top million than to be the 50th best poker player in the world playing against just the top 10 best poker players) and also the importance of bankroll management. There can be also be many other variants of poker either with wild cards, or involving passing cards amongst opponents, or making low hands instead of high hands, or what not (some of these still quite serious poker variants, some more silly dealers choice home game only variants).  But in general it is always a combination of using betting with a ranking of the hands.","here are two parts of poker you need to understand: The making and ranking of poker hands.The betting and gambling part (including folding and bluffing).The first is the easiest, the second by far the more important. Standard poker hands are 5 cards that form ranked hands (mostly from most rare, to most common).  A higher rank hand beats a lower rank hand if both make it to the phase of being compared for rank.  Hands of the same rank are compared by the highest card used as part of the rank (As are generally high, except if they are used in an A-2-3-4-5 straight in which case the 5 is the hiContinue ReadingThere are two parts of poker you need to understand: The making and ranking of poker hands.The betting and gambling part (including folding and bluffing).The first is the easiest, the second by far the more important. Standard poker hands are 5 cards that form ranked hands (mostly from most rare, to most common).  A higher rank hand beats a lower rank hand if both make it to the phase of being compared for rank.  Hands of the same rank are compared by the highest card used as part of the rank (As are generally high, except if they are used in an A-2-3-4-5 straight in which case the 5 is the high card, otherwise it is standard order for cards 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10/T, J, Q, K, A is the order from low to high) then by left over cards if still tied.  And then if still tied it can be a split pot where both players tie. From high to low these hands are:Straight flush.  All 5 cards the same suit and all 5 cards in a row.  The highest possible straight flush is AKQJT of the same suit and is called a Royal Flush and is the highest standard poker hand.4 of a kind.  4 of your 5 cards are of the same rank. When QQQQ2 is compared to JJJJK the QQQQ2 is higher because it is 4-queens which beats 4-jacks with the extra card no mattering.  If the 4 of a kind were the same (possible in games where you can share cards with opponents or where wild cards are possible) then the extra card matters.Full House.  Your 5 cards come in just 2 ranks with 3 of one rank and 2 of the other.  When you rank full houses you do so by the 3-card rank.  So QQQ22 is better than JJJKK.  If full houses are of the same 3-card then the rank of the pair matters.  So JJJKK beats JJJTT.Flush.  All 5 of your cards are of the same suit.  When comparing 2 different flushes, which suit they are doesnt matter, but the rank of the cards does matter.  So AT643 of diamonds beats KQJT8 of spades (because the A beats the K) while AK543 of spades beats AK542 of diamonds (because the A and A are tied, the K and K are tied, the 5 and 5 are tied, the 4 and 4 are tied, but the 3 and 2 are different).Straight.  All 5 of your cards are in a row, but they arent all the same suit.  So 6d 7h 8c 9h Td is a ten-high straight.  3-of-a-Kind.  You have 3 copies of one rank, and your other two cards are other ranks (not the same).  So QQQJ4 might be 3-queens.  As with other ranks the 3-of-a-kind are intraranked by the rank of the 3 so TTT32 is higher than 999AK.  If the 3-of-a-kind are the same then you use the other cards so TTTKQ is lower than TTTA2 because the T is tied and the A beats the K.2-pair.  You have 2 different pairs of ranks with a 5th card of a different rank.  So KKTT2 is two-pairs Kings and Tens.  You rank these cards first by the bigger pair, then by the smaller pair, then by the extra card.1-pair.  You have 1 pair of a rank and 3 different cards of all different ranks.  So AA852.  You compare these 1-pair hands by the pair rank first, then the extra cards.Nothing.  You have 5 different ranks, they arent all the same suit, and they arent all sequential.  So AQJ62 of not all the same suit.  You compare these hands by what there highest card is, moving to next highest rank when tied.  So KQ432 is higher than KJT98 because the Ks tie but the Q beat the J.Depending on the form of poker you make your hands in different ways.  You could do it by everyone just getting 5 cards and that is it.  But that is rare.  More commonly youll either have a draw element (you get 5 cards but you get the chance to discard some of your cards and get new ones) or an element where youll get more than 5 cards (often 7 cards) and be able to make the best poker hand from any 5 of those 7.  In westerns the game is usually 5-card draw.  In TV poker today and many casinos the game is texas holdem (where you end up with 7 cards, some of them shared with everyone, and want to make the best 5 card hand). A lot of poker games are played with partial information.  Which means you know something about the other players hands.  In Texas holdem this is done by:Everyone gets 2 cards that only they can see.  There is a round of betting.3 cards are dealt face up on the table that will be shared by everyones hand.  There is a round of betting.1 more card is dealt face up to be shared with everyone.  There is another round of betting.1 final card is dealt face up to be shared with everyone.  There is a final round of betting.If you survive to the end and a showdown against other players then youll compare your best 5 card poker hand mixing the 2 private cards you had at the start and the 5 shared public cards.  You can use any mix of 2 private, 3 shared or 1 private, 4 shared, or 0 private, 5 shared to make your hand (but if you use 0 private, 5 shared you will be at best a tie with the other players still in). In contrast, a typical game of 7-card-stud is played where there are no shared cards, but some of the cards are private, and some of the cards are face up and known to anyone (but only used by one player).  The steps here are: Everyone gets 2 cards facedown and 1 card faceup in front of them.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup (but it is just their card).  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 more card faceup.  There is a round of betting.Everyone gets 1 final card facedown.  There is a round of betting.In the end if multiple players are left for the showdown each player will make their own best 5 card hand from amongst their own personal 7 cards.  Because you can see 4 of their 7 cards face up you know that hand needs to use at least 2 of the faceup cards, so you have some hint about what their hand can be.  Further, you can know which cards cant be in their hand by eliminating the cards that other players had face up as well as the cards that you yourself have faceup as well as facedown. In all of these games you make inferences from the size and strength of the opponents betting actions (raising, calling, checking, etc.) as well as the inferences you can make about how strong their hands can be given what you know about which cards they have to be using and also physical demeanor of the opponent (tells).  In general, the strength of your hand then is less about where it is in the ranking of hands in an absolute sense but where it is likely to fall relative to your opponents on this particular hands (there are some hands where 3-of-a-kind is nearly certain or certain to be the winning hands, there are others where a flush might be quite likely to be a losing hand). Your goal is to win the hands where there is lots of money in the pot, and avoid putting much money into the pots you dont win/that you lose.  The easiest way to do this is to fold your bad hands and also your ok and even good hands if someone else is betting a lot showing a great hand.  Folding means that at some point in the hand when someone makes a bet you decide not to match that bet and give up on the hand.  You now cant win the hand at all, but you dont need to put any more money in the pot.  If you look at all of those betting rounds in texas holdem and 7-card-stud folding early is both your most common move and, arguably, your most important skill and move.  For this reason a lot of games have some sort of blind or ante structure where some players need to put money into the pot early on no matter their hands or even if they have a bad partial hand showing. But you can also sometimes win by pretending to have a great hand and convincing everyone else to give up (and your opponent might be doing that to you).  There can also be situations where players tend not to fold much at all, but also tend not to raise much at all.  You can also be a winning player in some similar situations by just betting aggressively or a lot on your good and great hands, and having your opponents call you action (match your bet).  Now the pots when you have great hands might be $10 and the pots where you had less good hands and werent betting might be only $5.  If you win your equal percent of pots, but 80% of your wins are the $10 pots, youll win more money than you lose. So in general when someone bets money it could be:They have a better hand than you and want you to put more money in the pot so theyll win a bigger pot.They have a better hand than you right now, but they dont want you to keep playing in case you catch up, and they want you to surrender the pot right now.They have a worse hand than you and they want to trick you into folding.  This is known as bluffing.They have a worse hand than you right now, but they have some chances to have a better one if the right things happen, and they want to have you off balance or unsuspecting of it if they do get that better hand (something like 4 cards to a flush).Sometimes it is a combination of some of the above (especially 3 and 4 as a semi-bluff).  And sometimes the player is wrong about the ranking of the hands (I.e., they might think they are bluffing with a worse hand, but actually have a better hand.  Or they might think it is case 1 and they are building a big pot for their better hand, but only their hand is worse than yours and they are actually building your big pot for you). Poker is a very easy game to learn.  But can take more of an effort to get good at.  To be a professional poker player or a very good poker player there can also be a lot of skills to develop and master outside the direct poker game itself including emotional control (tilt control) for how well you deal with being unlucky or even lucky as well as critical skills like table/opponent selection (it is better to be the one-hundred-thousandth best poker player in the world playing against opponents who arent in the top million than to be the 50th best poker player in the world playing against just the top 10 best poker players) and also the importance of bankroll management. There can be also be many other variants of poker either with wild cards, or involving passing cards amongst opponents, or making low hands instead of high hands, or what not (some of these still quite serious poker variants, some more silly dealers choice home game only variants).  But in general it is always a combination of using betting with a ranking of the hands. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('be')|","happy"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"One day a farmers donkey fell down into a well. The animal cried piteously for hours as the farmer tried to figure out what to do. Finally he decided the animal was old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, it just wasnt worth it to retrieve the donkey. So he invited all his neighbors to come over and help him. They all grabbed a shovel and began to shovel dirt into the well.At first, the donkey realized what was happening and cried horribly. Then, to everyones amazement, he quieted down. A few shovel loads later, the farmer finally looked down the well and was astonished at what heContinue ReadingOne day a farmers donkey fell down into a well. The animal cried piteously for hours as the farmer tried to figure out what to do. Finally he decided the animal was old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, it just wasnt worth it to retrieve the donkey. So he invited all his neighbors to come over and help him. They all grabbed a shovel and began to shovel dirt into the well.At first, the donkey realized what was happening and cried horribly. Then, to everyones amazement, he quieted down. A few shovel loads later, the farmer finally looked down the well and was astonished at what he saw.With every shovel of dirt that hit his back, the donkey was doing something amazing. He would shake it off and take a step up. As the farmers neighbors continued to shovel dirt on top of the animal, he would shake it off and take a step up.Pretty soon, everyone was amazed as the donkey stepped up over the edge of the well and trotted off!Moral: Life is going to shovel dirt on you, all kinds of dirt. The trick to getting out of the well is to shake it off and take a step up.Each of our troubles is a stepping stone. We can get out of the deepest wells just by not stopping, never giving up! Shake it off and take a step up!Remember the five simple rules to be happy:1. Free your heart from hatred.2. Free your mind from worries.3. Live simply.4. Give more.5. Expect less. Source: stumbleupon.com","One day a farmers donkey fell down into a well. The animal cried piteously for hours as the farmer tried to figure out what to do. Finally he decided the animal was old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, it just wasnt worth it to retrieve the donkey. So he invited all his neighbors to come over and help him. They all grabbed a shovel and began to shovel dirt into the well.At first, the donkey realized what was happening and cried horribly. Then, to everyones amazement, he quieted down. A few shovel loads later, the farmer finally looked down the well and was astonished at what heContinue ReadingOne day a farmers donkey fell down into a well. The animal cried piteously for hours as the farmer tried to figure out what to do. Finally he decided the animal was old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, it just wasnt worth it to retrieve the donkey. So he invited all his neighbors to come over and help him. They all grabbed a shovel and began to shovel dirt into the well.At first, the donkey realized what was happening and cried horribly. Then, to everyones amazement, he quieted down. A few shovel loads later, the farmer finally looked down the well and was astonished at what he saw.With every shovel of dirt that hit his back, the donkey was doing something amazing. He would shake it off and take a step up. As the farmers neighbors continued to shovel dirt on top of the animal, he would shake it off and take a step up.Pretty soon, everyone was amazed as the donkey stepped up over the edge of the well and trotted off!Moral: Life is going to shovel dirt on you, all kinds of dirt. The trick to getting out of the well is to shake it off and take a step up.Each of our troubles is a stepping stone. We can get out of the deepest wells just by not stopping, never giving up! Shake it off and take a step up!Remember the five simple rules to be happy:1. Free your heart from hatred.2. Free your mind from worries.3. Live simply.4. Give more.5. Expect less. Source: stumbleupon.com |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","happyness"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Because if you have seen the movie, theres a scene in which Will Smith delivers his son to school and the side wall had a graphitti which spelt Happyness. He tried to correct it but no one paid any attention to him. Later he understood that the spelling of happiness does not matter. What matters is the spirit, the essence of happyness. Little things like English grammar in life do no matter. What matters is how and what you FEEL. FEEL THINGS. NOT EVERYTHING HAS TO BE IN PITCH PERFECT WAY. AFTER ALL, LIFE ISNT PERFECT. :)","Because if you have seen the movie, theres a scene in which Will Smith delivers his son to school and the side wall had a graphitti which spelt Happyness. He tried to correct it but no one paid any attention to him. Later he understood that the spelling of happiness does not matter. What matters is the spirit, the essence of happyness. Little things like English grammar in life do no matter. What matters is how and what you FEEL. FEEL THINGS. NOT EVERYTHING HAS TO BE IN PITCH PERFECT WAY. AFTER ALL, LIFE ISNT PERFECT. :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A biological creacture search a rare thing outside hiding the things inside the body and mind. Human are called socially animal means anyway the person is surrounded by other persons so other act also affect ."," biological creacture search a rare thing outside hiding the things inside the body and mind. Human are called socially animal means anyway the person is surrounded by other persons so other act also affect . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","1.  Money and happiness  ​​To an extent yes money can make you happy. Beyond a certain point, it wont.  People devote most of their energy in earning money thinking it will make them happy only to realize that is not the answer. ​2.  If only syndrome  If only I have that car, If only I could find true love or  If only blah blah blah excuseIt inhibits our ability to welcome the incoming happineContinue Reading1.  Money and happiness  ​​To an extent yes money can make you happy. Beyond a certain point, it wont.  People devote most of their energy in earning money thinking it will make them happy only to realize that is not the answer. ​2.  If only syndrome  If only I have that car, If only I could find true love or  If only blah blah blah excuseIt inhibits our ability to welcome the incoming happiness to us. 3.  I will do it later  Interested in playing guitar? Yes but want to earn first.Enjoy backpacking?  Yes but let me get settled firstCooking looks exciting? Yes but I have kept it as an after retir...",".  Money and happiness  ​​To an extent yes money can make you happy. Beyond a certain point, it wont.  People devote most of their energy in earning money thinking it will make them happy only to realize that is not the answer. ​2.  If only syndrome  If only I have that car, If only I could find true love or  If only blah blah blah excuseIt inhibits our ability to welcome the incoming happineContinue Reading1.  Money and happiness  ​​To an extent yes money can make you happy. Beyond a certain point, it wont.  People devote most of their energy in earning money thinking it will make them happy only to realize that is not the answer. ​2.  If only syndrome  If only I have that car, If only I could find true love or  If only blah blah blah excuseIt inhibits our ability to welcome the incoming happiness to us. 3.  I will do it later  Interested in playing guitar? Yes but want to earn first.Enjoy backpacking?  Yes but let me get settled firstCooking looks exciting? Yes but I have kept it as an after retir... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","fleas"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Oprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here.","prah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","fleas"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"What are fleas good for? Mosquitoes are heavy pollinators. Is there anything that fleas (or other similar pests) do that is helpful to another living thing? Population control, and keeping populations strong as a result. Because they introduce disease, they eliminate the sick and weak from animal populations, ensuing the strongest survive to pass along their genes to the next generation. Although they don’t do much good to individuals of a species, they are beneficial to the survival and evolution of a species as a whole.","hat are fleas good for? Mosquitoes are heavy pollinators. Is there anything that fleas (or other similar pests) do that is helpful to another living thing? Population control, and keeping populations strong as a result. Because they introduce disease, they eliminate the sick and weak from animal populations, ensuing the strongest survive to pass along their genes to the next generation. Although they don’t do much good to individuals of a species, they are beneficial to the survival and evolution of a species as a whole. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A flea and a fly in a flue Were imprisoned, so what could they do? Said the flea let us fly, Said the fly let us flea! So they flew through a flaw in the flue. But seriously folks, fleas don’t like primates because, they groom themselves effectively. And they don’t like mammals of no fixed abode (like most ungulates), because juvenile fleas are found not on the beast but in the nest. Vacuum your rugs and bedding. And groom. And wander."," flea and a fly in a flue Were imprisoned, so what could they do? Said the flea let us fly, Said the fly let us flea! So they flew through a flaw in the flue. But seriously folks, fleas don’t like primates because, they groom themselves effectively. And they don’t like mammals of no fixed abode (like most ungulates), because juvenile fleas are found not on the beast but in the nest. Vacuum your rugs and bedding. And groom. And wander. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Fleas can live wherever they can find food and an environment which will allow their eggs to hatch and grow so a house which has no fleas is a good place as long as you feed them occasionally. If you have been bitten by a flea then you have already started to feed them. Since you have no pets you probably brought them into the house yourself, since merely brushing against an infested animal or person would allow a flea to take up residence in your clothing. If you maintain a good standard of cleanliness and make sure all your bed linen, and clothing is cleaned, and your carpets treated you willContinue ReadingFleas can live wherever they can find food and an environment which will allow their eggs to hatch and grow so a house which has no fleas is a good place as long as you feed them occasionally. If you have been bitten by a flea then you have already started to feed them. Since you have no pets you probably brought them into the house yourself, since merely brushing against an infested animal or person would allow a flea to take up residence in your clothing. If you maintain a good standard of cleanliness and make sure all your bed linen, and clothing is cleaned, and your carpets treated you will soon eliminate them. Unfortunately humans can’t take the systemic treaments which work so well with animls because they are not cleared by people like the FDA as safe for us. I think after the many years since they were first used our pets have carried out the trials that show they are not harmful to them. I hope you get rid of them soon. They are not nice to have around and they are not resident in your house because it’s dirty!!","Fleas can live wherever they can find food and an environment which will allow their eggs to hatch and grow so a house which has no fleas is a good place as long as you feed them occasionally. If you have been bitten by a flea then you have already started to feed them. Since you have no pets you probably brought them into the house yourself, since merely brushing against an infested animal or person would allow a flea to take up residence in your clothing. If you maintain a good standard of cleanliness and make sure all your bed linen, and clothing is cleaned, and your carpets treated you willContinue ReadingFleas can live wherever they can find food and an environment which will allow their eggs to hatch and grow so a house which has no fleas is a good place as long as you feed them occasionally. If you have been bitten by a flea then you have already started to feed them. Since you have no pets you probably brought them into the house yourself, since merely brushing against an infested animal or person would allow a flea to take up residence in your clothing. If you maintain a good standard of cleanliness and make sure all your bed linen, and clothing is cleaned, and your carpets treated you will soon eliminate them. Unfortunately humans can’t take the systemic treaments which work so well with animls because they are not cleared by people like the FDA as safe for us. I think after the many years since they were first used our pets have carried out the trials that show they are not harmful to them. I hope you get rid of them soon. They are not nice to have around and they are not resident in your house because it’s dirty!! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('much')|","|pal:NRT('should')|","|pal:NRT('i')|","weigh"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"When I was 13 I weighed less than that, 100, but I had a friend who was more athletic than I and weighed about 115. Side by side we looked very similar. Im 56 and she is 55. She was 15 pounds heavier but much more healthy than I was. Visually we were nearly identical. Its very difficult to know anything much unless you share more information. All that said, just using age, height and weight; you seem perfectly in line with normal ranges. If youre athletic then you will weigh more.","hen I was 13 I weighed less than that, 100, but I had a friend who was more athletic than I and weighed about 115. Side by side we looked very similar. Im 56 and she is 55. She was 15 pounds heavier but much more healthy than I was. Visually we were nearly identical. Its very difficult to know anything much unless you share more information. All that said, just using age, height and weight; you seem perfectly in line with normal ranges. If youre athletic then you will weigh more. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The BMI chart for adults says that it is between 100 - 145 lbs. for a fully grown woman of 5′4″. Although, this is obviously not accurate for a 12 year old girl, one day you will be an adult, and then it will be a good indicator of whether you have a healthy weight, or not. I only bring it up because most people on these kinds of sites tend to think of children as short adults. We all know you have about 6 more years before you are a fully formed adult woman, but we do want you to know about where you should be when you get there. So, if by chance you are still the same height when you get to aContinue ReadingThe BMI chart for adults says that it is between 100 - 145 lbs. for a fully grown woman of 5′4″. Although, this is obviously not accurate for a 12 year old girl, one day you will be an adult, and then it will be a good indicator of whether you have a healthy weight, or not. I only bring it up because most people on these kinds of sites tend to think of children as short adults. We all know you have about 6 more years before you are a fully formed adult woman, but we do want you to know about where you should be when you get there. So, if by chance you are still the same height when you get to adulthood remember those numbers. Also, when considering your health, know that even if your weight is “normal” things can still go wrong. Sure, they are more likely if over, or under this vast range of 45 lbs., but you can still get sick even if your weight is perfect. Yes, we also know that the adult weight doesnt consider your younger, less developed body structure. In that case, this lower, 41 pound range of 86 to 127 lbs., has been developed to take into account any individual variation the children may have from genetics, bigger, or smaller bones and even undeveloped, or overly developed muscle mass. It is an incredibly simple, but effective system doctors use as a screening device to look for potential problems. If too light, they look a possible eating disorder, or neglect by the parents. If children are too heavy they may suggest a better diet and more exercise. Also, they may check for early signs of diabetes, heart disease, etc. Now, with about 20% of children and about 40% of adults classified as obese, a healthy weight is taken only as a suggestion, not as something you must do. Similar to studying, or doing your homework. Some children will do it, but many will not. If you are one of the ones that never does any homework, and maybe thinking of dropping out, dont think of school as a end-all be-all for getting a good job. There will always be toilets to clean, trash to sweep up. Truthfully, weight is only one factor when it comes to health. As I mentioned, some people do get sick with a good weight. It could come from natural defects in our genes, a sedentary lifestyle, smoking, too much alcohol, or drug use. In most cases, if you become type 2 diabetic, you will be overweight, or obese, just like in most lung cancer cases the person is a smoker. The excess weight puts you at much higher risk for various health/metabolic diseases. Even when your excess weight is due to excessive muscle mass you are at much greater risk for knee and joint problems than most people think. So if you are using steroids, or other performance enhancing drugs, doing a lot of heavy lifting, you will need to talk to your doctor for a personalized, accurate ideal weight for you. It’s also important to know that many 12-years old girls hit puberty and you may begin to really put on weight now. Thus, what you, or your doctor thought was “ideal” a year, or two ago is not going to be anywhere near ideal in the years going forward. You are becoming an adult, maybe slowly, but the old weight, and minimal body fat of a child is no longer going to be healthy, or normal. A girl will naturally add weight as she grows and develops into a woman, even if she doesnt get any taller. Puberty causes weight (body fat) to accumulate on women in weird and unpredictable places. Some boys will start to gain noticeable muscle mass, but not necessarily much body fat, while girls tend to add significantly more body fat and less muscle. Puberty usually signals the end of growing taller for girls, but for boys there can be several more years before their final size. This is normal, healthy and not to be discouraged. If your doctor is not expressing concerns over your weight, and you are outside of that range, you might want to talk to your parents about your concerns. If you are underweight, but recently had a growth spurt, that could possibly explain it as your body catches up. But if you are overweight, ignoring the problem will only make it worse. Statistically speaking overweight children are very likely to be obese adults. If ignored, you will not magically lose weight, certainly will not become your ideal weight, and unnecessarily risk getting potential health problems. Notice the difference between the healthy weight range for someone your age, and an adult. Keep this in mind as you grow up and put on weight. If you find yourself not wanting to add healthy weight, remind yourself that this is normal.","he BMI chart for adults says that it is between 100 - 145 lbs. for a fully grown woman of 5′4″. Although, this is obviously not accurate for a 12 year old girl, one day you will be an adult, and then it will be a good indicator of whether you have a healthy weight, or not. I only bring it up because most people on these kinds of sites tend to think of children as short adults. We all know you have about 6 more years before you are a fully formed adult woman, but we do want you to know about where you should be when you get there. So, if by chance you are still the same height when you get to aContinue ReadingThe BMI chart for adults says that it is between 100 - 145 lbs. for a fully grown woman of 5′4″. Although, this is obviously not accurate for a 12 year old girl, one day you will be an adult, and then it will be a good indicator of whether you have a healthy weight, or not. I only bring it up because most people on these kinds of sites tend to think of children as short adults. We all know you have about 6 more years before you are a fully formed adult woman, but we do want you to know about where you should be when you get there. So, if by chance you are still the same height when you get to adulthood remember those numbers. Also, when considering your health, know that even if your weight is “normal” things can still go wrong. Sure, they are more likely if over, or under this vast range of 45 lbs., but you can still get sick even if your weight is perfect. Yes, we also know that the adult weight doesnt consider your younger, less developed body structure. In that case, this lower, 41 pound range of 86 to 127 lbs., has been developed to take into account any individual variation the children may have from genetics, bigger, or smaller bones and even undeveloped, or overly developed muscle mass. It is an incredibly simple, but effective system doctors use as a screening device to look for potential problems. If too light, they look a possible eating disorder, or neglect by the parents. If children are too heavy they may suggest a better diet and more exercise. Also, they may check for early signs of diabetes, heart disease, etc. Now, with about 20% of children and about 40% of adults classified as obese, a healthy weight is taken only as a suggestion, not as something you must do. Similar to studying, or doing your homework. Some children will do it, but many will not. If you are one of the ones that never does any homework, and maybe thinking of dropping out, dont think of school as a end-all be-all for getting a good job. There will always be toilets to clean, trash to sweep up. Truthfully, weight is only one factor when it comes to health. As I mentioned, some people do get sick with a good weight. It could come from natural defects in our genes, a sedentary lifestyle, smoking, too much alcohol, or drug use. In most cases, if you become type 2 diabetic, you will be overweight, or obese, just like in most lung cancer cases the person is a smoker. The excess weight puts you at much higher risk for various health/metabolic diseases. Even when your excess weight is due to excessive muscle mass you are at much greater risk for knee and joint problems than most people think. So if you are using steroids, or other performance enhancing drugs, doing a lot of heavy lifting, you will need to talk to your doctor for a personalized, accurate ideal weight for you. It’s also important to know that many 12-years old girls hit puberty and you may begin to really put on weight now. Thus, what you, or your doctor thought was “ideal” a year, or two ago is not going to be anywhere near ideal in the years going forward. You are becoming an adult, maybe slowly, but the old weight, and minimal body fat of a child is no longer going to be healthy, or normal. A girl will naturally add weight as she grows and develops into a woman, even if she doesnt get any taller. Puberty causes weight (body fat) to accumulate on women in weird and unpredictable places. Some boys will start to gain noticeable muscle mass, but not necessarily much body fat, while girls tend to add significantly more body fat and less muscle. Puberty usually signals the end of growing taller for girls, but for boys there can be several more years before their final size. This is normal, healthy and not to be discouraged. If your doctor is not expressing concerns over your weight, and you are outside of that range, you might want to talk to your parents about your concerns. If you are underweight, but recently had a growth spurt, that could possibly explain it as your body catches up. But if you are overweight, ignoring the problem will only make it worse. Statistically speaking overweight children are very likely to be obese adults. If ignored, you will not magically lose weight, certainly will not become your ideal weight, and unnecessarily risk getting potential health problems. Notice the difference between the healthy weight range for someone your age, and an adult. Keep this in mind as you grow up and put on weight. If you find yourself not wanting to add healthy weight, remind yourself that this is normal. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","baby"}, nil, {0,1}, nil, nil, nil,{"Without drugs, gas, or violence, you can never MAKE a baby sleep. You can force them into a crib -- that works till they learn how to climb the side and fall out. If you have a two-way baby monitor you can respond to fussing with gentle words -- without actually entering the room. You can pay attention to what seems to help settle the baby, and to what seems to get the baby too keyed-up to sleep. You can observe the babys circadian rhythm and try to help him sleep at those times. You can also spell each other off, if there are two of you invested in this venture, so neither of you is more sleepContinue ReadingWithout drugs, gas, or violence, you can never MAKE a baby sleep. You can force them into a crib -- that works till they learn how to climb the side and fall out. If you have a two-way baby monitor you can respond to fussing with gentle words -- without actually entering the room. You can pay attention to what seems to help settle the baby, and to what seems to get the baby too keyed-up to sleep. You can observe the babys circadian rhythm and try to help him sleep at those times. You can also spell each other off, if there are two of you invested in this venture, so neither of you is more sleep-deprived than the other -- or take turns staggering drunkenly through a sleep-deprived day. Above all, don’t ever, ever, ever interact with the baby when youre angry or weepy. Better to lay the baby down in a safe place -- crib or floor mat -- while you calm down. Dont ever treat the baby roughly or speak unkindly just because youre frustrated and miserable.","ithout drugs, gas, or violence, you can never MAKE a baby sleep. You can force them into a crib -- that works till they learn how to climb the side and fall out. If you have a two-way baby monitor you can respond to fussing with gentle words -- without actually entering the room. You can pay attention to what seems to help settle the baby, and to what seems to get the baby too keyed-up to sleep. You can observe the babys circadian rhythm and try to help him sleep at those times. You can also spell each other off, if there are two of you invested in this venture, so neither of you is more sleepContinue ReadingWithout drugs, gas, or violence, you can never MAKE a baby sleep. You can force them into a crib -- that works till they learn how to climb the side and fall out. If you have a two-way baby monitor you can respond to fussing with gentle words -- without actually entering the room. You can pay attention to what seems to help settle the baby, and to what seems to get the baby too keyed-up to sleep. You can observe the babys circadian rhythm and try to help him sleep at those times. You can also spell each other off, if there are two of you invested in this venture, so neither of you is more sleep-deprived than the other -- or take turns staggering drunkenly through a sleep-deprived day. Above all, don’t ever, ever, ever interact with the baby when youre angry or weepy. Better to lay the baby down in a safe place -- crib or floor mat -- while you calm down. Dont ever treat the baby roughly or speak unkindly just because youre frustrated and miserable. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Tire them out! Outdoor time is particularly good for this. Catch their ‘window’ for sleep. There is a point where a baby is becoming tired that you should watch for. Eye rubbing, change in energy level, wanting to be held can all be signs. If you miss this window, they may get a adrenaline rush and become even more active, but very easily burst out crying. Finally, there is nothing wrong with co-sleeping. If it helps you both get a better nights rest do it!","Tire them out! Outdoor time is particularly good for this. Catch their ‘window’ for sleep. There is a point where a baby is becoming tired that you should watch for. Eye rubbing, change in energy level, wanting to be held can all be signs. If you miss this window, they may get a adrenaline rush and become even more active, but very easily burst out crying. Finally, there is nothing wrong with co-sleeping. If it helps you both get a better nights rest do it! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('oz')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","pound"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"It depends: There are 12 troy ounces per troy pound, and 16 avoirdupois ounces per avoirdupois pound.","t depends: There are 12 troy ounces per troy pound, and 16 avoirdupois ounces per avoirdupois pound. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ignore the “16” answers. Set your thinking above the mundane and look towards the expensive, like precious metals, measured by Troy. Then you only get 12 ounces to the pound.","gnore the “16” answers. Set your thinking above the mundane and look towards the expensive, like precious metals, measured by Troy. Then you only get 12 ounces to the pound. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","1 lb = 16 oz. There are 2 pints in 1 lb, and 2 cups in 1 pint, so there are 4 cups in 1 lb. 8 fluid ounces is equal to 1 cup. If we put all of this together, then we have 16 ounces (1 pint) in 1 pound. To convert from ounces to pounds, take the total number of ounces and divide by 16. For example, 32oz / 16 = 2lbs."," lb = 16 oz. There are 2 pints in 1 lb, and 2 cups in 1 pint, so there are 4 cups in 1 lb. 8 fluid ounces is equal to 1 cup. If we put all of this together, then we have 16 ounces (1 pint) in 1 pound. To convert from ounces to pounds, take the total number of ounces and divide by 16. For example, 32oz / 16 = 2lbs. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('write')|","resume"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume withouContinue ReadingThe thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume without having a clear objective in mind, it will likely come across as unfocused to those that read it. Take the time before you start your resume to form a clear objective.Think of your resume as a marketing tool. Think of yourself as a product, potential employers as your customers, and your resume as a brochure about you. Market yourself through your resume. What are your features and benefits? What makes you unique? Make sure to convey this information in your resume.Use your resume to obtain an interview, not a job. You don’t need to go into detail about every accomplishment. Strive to be clear and concise. The purpose of your resume is to generate enough interest in you to have an employer contact you for an interview. Use the interview to provide a more detailed explanation of your accomplishments and to land a job offer.Use bulleted sentences. In the body of your resume, use bullets with short sentences rather than lengthy paragraphs. Resumes are read quickly. This bulleted sentence format makes it easier for someone to quickly scan your resume and still absorb it.Use action words. Action words cause your resume to pop. To add life to your resume, use bulleted sentences that begin with action words like prepared, developed, monitored, and presented.Lead with your strengths. Since resumes are typically reviewed in 30 seconds, take the time to determine which bullets most strongly support your job search objective. Put those strong points first where they are more apt to be read.","he thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume withouContinue ReadingThe thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume without having a clear objective in mind, it will likely come across as unfocused to those that read it. Take the time before you start your resume to form a clear objective.Think of your resume as a marketing tool. Think of yourself as a product, potential employers as your customers, and your resume as a brochure about you. Market yourself through your resume. What are your features and benefits? What makes you unique? Make sure to convey this information in your resume.Use your resume to obtain an interview, not a job. You don’t need to go into detail about every accomplishment. Strive to be clear and concise. The purpose of your resume is to generate enough interest in you to have an employer contact you for an interview. Use the interview to provide a more detailed explanation of your accomplishments and to land a job offer.Use bulleted sentences. In the body of your resume, use bullets with short sentences rather than lengthy paragraphs. Resumes are read quickly. This bulleted sentence format makes it easier for someone to quickly scan your resume and still absorb it.Use action words. Action words cause your resume to pop. To add life to your resume, use bulleted sentences that begin with action words like prepared, developed, monitored, and presented.Lead with your strengths. Since resumes are typically reviewed in 30 seconds, take the time to determine which bullets most strongly support your job search objective. Put those strong points first where they are more apt to be read. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Welcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot downContinue ReadingWelcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot down your recent and job-relevant experiences. It is said that you should include the experience of only the last ten to fifteen years.Create your own resume templateYou can use any professional template but it will be a plus point if you will create your own resume template. Originality is accepted and appreciated everywhere. Put your qualifications at the top to seek the attention of the person who is going to hire you.Include job relevant informationI have seen many people who use the same resume for every job. But, that is not a good practice. You should include job-relevant information regarding the job you are applying for. You can focus on experience, skills, achievements, and qualifications at the top to grab the attention of your seniors.Make your resume professionalMake your resume looks professional. Use clear fonts, you can use 10 to 12 sizes and a basic font like Arial or Times New Roman. It will give a polished and professional look to your resume. There should not be any unnecessary white space in between the words. If your resume is long, you should frame concise sentences and subsequently you will have a little extra space to add your interests and skills.Keep necessary headings and subheadingsEradicate the unnecessary headings and subheadings on your resume. For example, a Resume summary and Ras same objective are the same things. But, most people use both on their resumes. Instead of writing both, you can choose any one of them. Do not include empty sections in your resume. You can replace it with an internship or academic work and achievements.Dont forget to proofreadTo avoid spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, you should go through the proofreading process before sending. You can also ask your friends or family members to proofread. There are many online applications available on the internet for this very purpose, which you can use. In this cut-throat market, resumes hold a special place. Resume communicates with hirers why and how you are perfect for this job. It shows your skills and experience. A good resume grabs the attention of hirers and leads you to an interview. Instead of crafting a resume in hurry, you should devise a proper strategy on how to make your resume more appealing and eye-catching. Apart from these tips, if you want professional support you can choose Writrox Resume Writing Services to get a high-quality resume or cv for yourself. Thank you!","Welcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot downContinue ReadingWelcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot down your recent and job-relevant experiences. It is said that you should include the experience of only the last ten to fifteen years.Create your own resume templateYou can use any professional template but it will be a plus point if you will create your own resume template. Originality is accepted and appreciated everywhere. Put your qualifications at the top to seek the attention of the person who is going to hire you.Include job relevant informationI have seen many people who use the same resume for every job. But, that is not a good practice. You should include job-relevant information regarding the job you are applying for. You can focus on experience, skills, achievements, and qualifications at the top to grab the attention of your seniors.Make your resume professionalMake your resume looks professional. Use clear fonts, you can use 10 to 12 sizes and a basic font like Arial or Times New Roman. It will give a polished and professional look to your resume. There should not be any unnecessary white space in between the words. If your resume is long, you should frame concise sentences and subsequently you will have a little extra space to add your interests and skills.Keep necessary headings and subheadingsEradicate the unnecessary headings and subheadings on your resume. For example, a Resume summary and Ras same objective are the same things. But, most people use both on their resumes. Instead of writing both, you can choose any one of them. Do not include empty sections in your resume. You can replace it with an internship or academic work and achievements.Dont forget to proofreadTo avoid spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, you should go through the proofreading process before sending. You can also ask your friends or family members to proofread. There are many online applications available on the internet for this very purpose, which you can use. In this cut-throat market, resumes hold a special place. Resume communicates with hirers why and how you are perfect for this job. It shows your skills and experience. A good resume grabs the attention of hirers and leads you to an interview. Instead of crafting a resume in hurry, you should devise a proper strategy on how to make your resume more appealing and eye-catching. Apart from these tips, if you want professional support you can choose Writrox Resume Writing Services to get a high-quality resume or cv for yourself. Thank you! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('stretch')|","marks"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Realistically, you can’t get rid of stretchmarks. You can moisturize and they will fade so they are not obvious to the naked eye, but they likely will show up on photos. Now yes, photoshop is a thing, but there are lots of models around who don’t have stretchmarks so they would have preference. However, I’ll looked at your profile, and you are 171cm tall. I’m sorry, that is too short for modelling. Unless everyone in your family is 180cm tall and all had late growth spurts, the chances are that you will never be tall enough for runway modelling. You may have better chances if you think about fitnContinue ReadingRealistically, you can’t get rid of stretchmarks. You can moisturize and they will fade so they are not obvious to the naked eye, but they likely will show up on photos. Now yes, photoshop is a thing, but there are lots of models around who don’t have stretchmarks so they would have preference. However, I’ll looked at your profile, and you are 171cm tall. I’m sorry, that is too short for modelling. Unless everyone in your family is 180cm tall and all had late growth spurts, the chances are that you will never be tall enough for runway modelling. You may have better chances if you think about fitness modelling, which allows for women to be a bit shorter as long as they are in great shape and look healthy. But honestly, modelling is a shit career. Doing a bit of modelling on the side while you are at college is fine, but modelling as a full time career means you have a short career, a messed up body image, get abused for having a normal body, and probably have an eating disorder. What is it about modelling that you like? Because there’s a good chance there are other ways to get that.","ealistically, you can’t get rid of stretchmarks. You can moisturize and they will fade so they are not obvious to the naked eye, but they likely will show up on photos. Now yes, photoshop is a thing, but there are lots of models around who don’t have stretchmarks so they would have preference. However, I’ll looked at your profile, and you are 171cm tall. I’m sorry, that is too short for modelling. Unless everyone in your family is 180cm tall and all had late growth spurts, the chances are that you will never be tall enough for runway modelling. You may have better chances if you think about fitnContinue ReadingRealistically, you can’t get rid of stretchmarks. You can moisturize and they will fade so they are not obvious to the naked eye, but they likely will show up on photos. Now yes, photoshop is a thing, but there are lots of models around who don’t have stretchmarks so they would have preference. However, I’ll looked at your profile, and you are 171cm tall. I’m sorry, that is too short for modelling. Unless everyone in your family is 180cm tall and all had late growth spurts, the chances are that you will never be tall enough for runway modelling. You may have better chances if you think about fitness modelling, which allows for women to be a bit shorter as long as they are in great shape and look healthy. But honestly, modelling is a shit career. Doing a bit of modelling on the side while you are at college is fine, but modelling as a full time career means you have a short career, a messed up body image, get abused for having a normal body, and probably have an eating disorder. What is it about modelling that you like? Because there’s a good chance there are other ways to get that. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","turkey"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are about a million different opinions on this but I think there are two things that are key no matter what you do:Temperature control: You want to cook the bird to lower temperatures than the governemnt suggests--follow their guidelines and enjoy cardboard.  The breast should be 155° to 160° and the thigh should be 165° to 170° F.  To get this, you need to do two important things:Create a differential in cooking the breast and the thigh.  Harold McGee, food scientist extraordinaire, suggests putting ice packs on the breast when bringing the bird to room temperature.  Kenji Alt-Lopez Continue ReadingThere are about a million different opinions on this but I think there are two things that are key no matter what you do:Temperature control: You want to cook the bird to lower temperatures than the governemnt suggests--follow their guidelines and enjoy cardboard.  The breast should be 155° to 160° and the thigh should be 165° to 170° F.  To get this, you need to do two important things:Create a differential in cooking the breast and the thigh.  Harold McGee, food scientist extraordinaire, suggests putting ice packs on the breast when bringing the bird to room temperature.  Kenji Alt-Lopez suggests starting the bird in a super hot roasting pan so the thighs (on the bottom) get some of that residual heat.  I think either will work and tried the roasting pan method this weekend and it worked well.Remove the bird from the oven BEFORE it reaches the desired final temp.  As the bird rests, (more on that below), you will get carryover and the temp will rise around 5° (note: for a fried turkey, the temp will increase more). So take the bird out when the breast is around 150-155° F and the thigh is around 160-165°F.  You dont have a huge window of error so get a good instant read thermometer and test the bird often as you nearing the end.Rest: The bird needs to rest at least 30 minutes after you take it out of the oven or other cooking vehicle.  This allows the juices to redistribute themselves throughout the bird.  Carve too early and you will loose all those great juices.  I let a turkey rest this weekend for about an hour and it was still piping hot, so give yourself extra time in case the bird takes a little longer to cook.  And as it rests, you get to make gravy!! For timing, some general guidelines for 10-14 pound birds are as follows (and these are general--use your thermometer!!!)300°-325° F: 20 minutes per pound425-450°F: 12 minutes per poundDeep fryer with oil around 400°: 3 minutes per pound","There are about a million different opinions on this but I think there are two things that are key no matter what you do:Temperature control: You want to cook the bird to lower temperatures than the governemnt suggests--follow their guidelines and enjoy cardboard.  The breast should be 155° to 160° and the thigh should be 165° to 170° F.  To get this, you need to do two important things:Create a differential in cooking the breast and the thigh.  Harold McGee, food scientist extraordinaire, suggests putting ice packs on the breast when bringing the bird to room temperature.  Kenji Alt-Lopez Continue ReadingThere are about a million different opinions on this but I think there are two things that are key no matter what you do:Temperature control: You want to cook the bird to lower temperatures than the governemnt suggests--follow their guidelines and enjoy cardboard.  The breast should be 155° to 160° and the thigh should be 165° to 170° F.  To get this, you need to do two important things:Create a differential in cooking the breast and the thigh.  Harold McGee, food scientist extraordinaire, suggests putting ice packs on the breast when bringing the bird to room temperature.  Kenji Alt-Lopez suggests starting the bird in a super hot roasting pan so the thighs (on the bottom) get some of that residual heat.  I think either will work and tried the roasting pan method this weekend and it worked well.Remove the bird from the oven BEFORE it reaches the desired final temp.  As the bird rests, (more on that below), you will get carryover and the temp will rise around 5° (note: for a fried turkey, the temp will increase more). So take the bird out when the breast is around 150-155° F and the thigh is around 160-165°F.  You dont have a huge window of error so get a good instant read thermometer and test the bird often as you nearing the end.Rest: The bird needs to rest at least 30 minutes after you take it out of the oven or other cooking vehicle.  This allows the juices to redistribute themselves throughout the bird.  Carve too early and you will loose all those great juices.  I let a turkey rest this weekend for about an hour and it was still piping hot, so give yourself extra time in case the bird takes a little longer to cook.  And as it rests, you get to make gravy!! For timing, some general guidelines for 10-14 pound birds are as follows (and these are general--use your thermometer!!!)300°-325° F: 20 minutes per pound425-450°F: 12 minutes per poundDeep fryer with oil around 400°: 3 minutes per pound |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Whatever other suggestion you follow, Id highly suggest brining the turkey before cooking it.  Basically it allows moisture and flavor to go into the meat before cooking, so you get a more flavorful bird that isnt dried out.  I like this combo ... 1 cup salt1 cup brown sugar2 oranges, quartered2 lemons, quartered4 sprigs sage4 sprigs rosemary2 Gallons of water1 TurkeyIf additional water is needed for a large turkey add an additional half cup salt and quarter cup brown sugar per gallon of water. I put it all in a large stock pot that I have, but other say that a food grade cooler works as wellContinue ReadingWhatever other suggestion you follow, Id highly suggest brining the turkey before cooking it.  Basically it allows moisture and flavor to go into the meat before cooking, so you get a more flavorful bird that isnt dried out.  I like this combo ... 1 cup salt1 cup brown sugar2 oranges, quartered2 lemons, quartered4 sprigs sage4 sprigs rosemary2 Gallons of water1 TurkeyIf additional water is needed for a large turkey add an additional half cup salt and quarter cup brown sugar per gallon of water. I put it all in a large stock pot that I have, but other say that a food grade cooler works as well.  You want to keep the bird in this for 24-48 hours before cooking.","hatever other suggestion you follow, Id highly suggest brining the turkey before cooking it.  Basically it allows moisture and flavor to go into the meat before cooking, so you get a more flavorful bird that isnt dried out.  I like this combo ... 1 cup salt1 cup brown sugar2 oranges, quartered2 lemons, quartered4 sprigs sage4 sprigs rosemary2 Gallons of water1 TurkeyIf additional water is needed for a large turkey add an additional half cup salt and quarter cup brown sugar per gallon of water. I put it all in a large stock pot that I have, but other say that a food grade cooler works as wellContinue ReadingWhatever other suggestion you follow, Id highly suggest brining the turkey before cooking it.  Basically it allows moisture and flavor to go into the meat before cooking, so you get a more flavorful bird that isnt dried out.  I like this combo ... 1 cup salt1 cup brown sugar2 oranges, quartered2 lemons, quartered4 sprigs sage4 sprigs rosemary2 Gallons of water1 TurkeyIf additional water is needed for a large turkey add an additional half cup salt and quarter cup brown sugar per gallon of water. I put it all in a large stock pot that I have, but other say that a food grade cooler works as well.  You want to keep the bird in this for 24-48 hours before cooking. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","buttermilk"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"When a recipe calls for buttermilk it is calling for a slightly acid milk product with very little butterfat. Traditional buttercream was the liquid left after making butter from cultured cream. Modern buttermilk, in the U.S. at least is low fat milk that has been cultured. They taste the same, though modern buttermilk is thicker than the original product. Adding vinegar to milk will give you a low fat acid milk product that can substitute for buttermilk, however the flavor is different. Adding a tablespoon of white vinegar to a cup of milk will do the trick. You can also do the same with lemon Continue ReadingWhen a recipe calls for buttermilk it is calling for a slightly acid milk product with very little butterfat. Traditional buttercream was the liquid left after making butter from cultured cream. Modern buttermilk, in the U.S. at least is low fat milk that has been cultured. They taste the same, though modern buttermilk is thicker than the original product. Adding vinegar to milk will give you a low fat acid milk product that can substitute for buttermilk, however the flavor is different. Adding a tablespoon of white vinegar to a cup of milk will do the trick. You can also do the same with lemon juice, sour cream, yogurt, or cream of tartar. The sour cream will be the closest substitute. Treat yourself, buy the buttermilk, it lasts ages and has many uses.","hen a recipe calls for buttermilk it is calling for a slightly acid milk product with very little butterfat. Traditional buttercream was the liquid left after making butter from cultured cream. Modern buttermilk, in the U.S. at least is low fat milk that has been cultured. They taste the same, though modern buttermilk is thicker than the original product. Adding vinegar to milk will give you a low fat acid milk product that can substitute for buttermilk, however the flavor is different. Adding a tablespoon of white vinegar to a cup of milk will do the trick. You can also do the same with lemon Continue ReadingWhen a recipe calls for buttermilk it is calling for a slightly acid milk product with very little butterfat. Traditional buttercream was the liquid left after making butter from cultured cream. Modern buttermilk, in the U.S. at least is low fat milk that has been cultured. They taste the same, though modern buttermilk is thicker than the original product. Adding vinegar to milk will give you a low fat acid milk product that can substitute for buttermilk, however the flavor is different. Adding a tablespoon of white vinegar to a cup of milk will do the trick. You can also do the same with lemon juice, sour cream, yogurt, or cream of tartar. The sour cream will be the closest substitute. Treat yourself, buy the buttermilk, it lasts ages and has many uses. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You cant make “real buttermilk with vinegar. Real buttermilk is whats leftover when cream is churned to solidify the butterfat to make butter. In the USA, most of the buttermilk sold commercially is regular milk to which a culture has been added — you can do this at home with powdered milk and a bit of store-bought buttermilk (look online for instructions). All that being said, if youre making sour milk for baking — and not for drinking — mix one tablespoon of white or cider vinegar with a cup of milk and let it sit for 10 minutes. The vinegar will curdle the milk and make a perfectly good Continue ReadingYou cant make “real buttermilk with vinegar. Real buttermilk is whats leftover when cream is churned to solidify the butterfat to make butter. In the USA, most of the buttermilk sold commercially is regular milk to which a culture has been added — you can do this at home with powdered milk and a bit of store-bought buttermilk (look online for instructions). All that being said, if youre making sour milk for baking — and not for drinking — mix one tablespoon of white or cider vinegar with a cup of milk and let it sit for 10 minutes. The vinegar will curdle the milk and make a perfectly good substitute for buttermilk or sour milk.","ou cant make “real buttermilk with vinegar. Real buttermilk is whats leftover when cream is churned to solidify the butterfat to make butter. In the USA, most of the buttermilk sold commercially is regular milk to which a culture has been added — you can do this at home with powdered milk and a bit of store-bought buttermilk (look online for instructions). All that being said, if youre making sour milk for baking — and not for drinking — mix one tablespoon of white or cider vinegar with a cup of milk and let it sit for 10 minutes. The vinegar will curdle the milk and make a perfectly good Continue ReadingYou cant make “real buttermilk with vinegar. Real buttermilk is whats leftover when cream is churned to solidify the butterfat to make butter. In the USA, most of the buttermilk sold commercially is regular milk to which a culture has been added — you can do this at home with powdered milk and a bit of store-bought buttermilk (look online for instructions). All that being said, if youre making sour milk for baking — and not for drinking — mix one tablespoon of white or cider vinegar with a cup of milk and let it sit for 10 minutes. The vinegar will curdle the milk and make a perfectly good substitute for buttermilk or sour milk. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You won’t make buttermilk, but one teaspoon white vinegar to one cup milk will make an adequate substitute, chemically, for buttermilk. A better option is keeping a canister of dried buttermilk on hand, and using that in the recipe. Instructions are on the canister.","ou won’t make buttermilk, but one teaspoon white vinegar to one cup milk will make an adequate substitute, chemically, for buttermilk. A better option is keeping a canister of dried buttermilk on hand, and using that in the recipe. Instructions are on the canister. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('grow')|","|pal:NRT('hair')|","fast"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Okay, it wont happen overnight, it has to be a continuous process. So, Lets get into the processAlways make sure your hair and scalp is clean, which is a dust and dandruff free scalp. For that you can use a sulphate, parabene free shampoo,mild shampoo (shampoo with low shelf life) whichever suits you best. (clean roots promote hair growth)Use natural ingredients like lemon juice(natural Conditionar) or rosemary or apple cider vinegar for post wash rinse, which will make sure no shampoo or conditioner is left in your scalp and balancing the PH.Always be gentle while washing, use fingertips. NevContinue ReadingOkay, it wont happen overnight, it has to be a continuous process. So, Lets get into the processAlways make sure your hair and scalp is clean, which is a dust and dandruff free scalp. For that you can use a sulphate, parabene free shampoo,mild shampoo (shampoo with low shelf life) whichever suits you best. (clean roots promote hair growth)Use natural ingredients like lemon juice(natural Conditionar) or rosemary or apple cider vinegar for post wash rinse, which will make sure no shampoo or conditioner is left in your scalp and balancing the PH.Always be gentle while washing, use fingertips. Never wash multiple times at a time.Let it air dry, try to avoid rubbing with towel and combingOil massage at a suitable interval. You can use organic, cold pressed oils of olive, coconut, castor(thick oils should be taken less) and mix with some essential oils. While massaging, make sure you are not rubbing your scalp abruptly, you can gently comb to let the oil evenly seep into scalp.Use a wooden hair brush/comb to avoid friction.Aviod much styling and heating.Use silk pillow case, again to avoid friction.Keep it braided to sleep or any other style so it doesnt get tangles.And most important diet and lifestyle. Include nuts, fruits, vegetables and good seeds in your diet, have enough water and adopt yoga to help stress if you have. Wishing you long, lustrous, healthy hair.Love","Okay, it wont happen overnight, it has to be a continuous process. So, Lets get into the processAlways make sure your hair and scalp is clean, which is a dust and dandruff free scalp. For that you can use a sulphate, parabene free shampoo,mild shampoo (shampoo with low shelf life) whichever suits you best. (clean roots promote hair growth)Use natural ingredients like lemon juice(natural Conditionar) or rosemary or apple cider vinegar for post wash rinse, which will make sure no shampoo or conditioner is left in your scalp and balancing the PH.Always be gentle while washing, use fingertips. NevContinue ReadingOkay, it wont happen overnight, it has to be a continuous process. So, Lets get into the processAlways make sure your hair and scalp is clean, which is a dust and dandruff free scalp. For that you can use a sulphate, parabene free shampoo,mild shampoo (shampoo with low shelf life) whichever suits you best. (clean roots promote hair growth)Use natural ingredients like lemon juice(natural Conditionar) or rosemary or apple cider vinegar for post wash rinse, which will make sure no shampoo or conditioner is left in your scalp and balancing the PH.Always be gentle while washing, use fingertips. Never wash multiple times at a time.Let it air dry, try to avoid rubbing with towel and combingOil massage at a suitable interval. You can use organic, cold pressed oils of olive, coconut, castor(thick oils should be taken less) and mix with some essential oils. While massaging, make sure you are not rubbing your scalp abruptly, you can gently comb to let the oil evenly seep into scalp.Use a wooden hair brush/comb to avoid friction.Aviod much styling and heating.Use silk pillow case, again to avoid friction.Keep it braided to sleep or any other style so it doesnt get tangles.And most important diet and lifestyle. Include nuts, fruits, vegetables and good seeds in your diet, have enough water and adopt yoga to help stress if you have. Wishing you long, lustrous, healthy hair.Love |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Massage your scalp to circulate blood flow.Minimize heat styling.Oil your hair frequentlySleep on satin and silk pillowcases: The absence of friction will make your hair strong and boost growth","Massage your scalp to circulate blood flow.Minimize heat styling.Oil your hair frequentlySleep on satin and silk pillowcases: The absence of friction will make your hair strong and boost growth |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('meters')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","mile"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 1,609.34 meters in a mile. The mile is a unit of length commonly used in the United States, while the meter is part of the metric system, which is used in most of the world. To convert from miles to meters, you can multiply the number of miles by 1,609.34 to get the equivalent distance in meters.","here are 1,609.34 meters in a mile. The mile is a unit of length commonly used in the United States, while the meter is part of the metric system, which is used in most of the world. To convert from miles to meters, you can multiply the number of miles by 1,609.34 to get the equivalent distance in meters. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 1,609 metres in a mile.","here are 1,609 metres in a mile. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","How many metres are there in a mile?Despite many answers suggesting the use of Google rather than Quora, such action would require further research to discover that:There are many different interpretations for a mile[1]The definition of the metre has varied over time[2]Since 1959 the international yard has been defined as exactly 0.9144 metres[3]Using an international mile of [math]1760[/math] yards (eight furlongs or [math]5280[/math] feet) we see that: [math]/quad 1/text{ mile}[/math] is exactly [math]1760/times0.9144=1609.344/text{ metres}[/math] Which makes you wonder why the standard middle-distance race in the Olympics, often called a metric mile[4]Continue ReadingFootnotes[1] Mile (disambiguation)[2] History of the metre[3] International yard and pound[4] Metric mileHow many metres are there in a mile?Despite many answers suggesting the use of Google rather than Quora, such action would require further research to discover that:There are many different interpretations for a mile[1]The definition of the metre has varied over time[2]Since 1959 the international yard has been defined as exactly 0.9144 metres[3]Using an international mile of [math]1760[/math] yards (eight furlongs or [math]5280[/math] feet) we see that: [math]/quad 1/text{ mile}[/math] is exactly [math]1760/times0.9144=1609.344/text{ metres}[/math] Which makes you wonder why the standard middle-distance race in the Olympics, often called a metric mile[4], is only [math]1500[/math] metres, [math]3/frac34[/math] laps rather than a nice round four laps…Footnotes[1] Mile (disambiguation)[2] History of the metre[3] International yard and pound[4] Metric mile","How many metres are there in a mile?Despite many answers suggesting the use of Google rather than Quora, such action would require further research to discover that:There are many different interpretations for a mile[1]The definition of the metre has varied over time[2]Since 1959 the international yard has been defined as exactly 0.9144 metres[3]Using an international mile of [math]1760[/math] yards (eight furlongs or [math]5280[/math] feet) we see that: [math]/quad 1/text{ mile}[/math] is exactly [math]1760/times0.9144=1609.344/text{ metres}[/math] Which makes you wonder why the standard middle-distance race in the Olympics, often called a metric mile[4]Continue ReadingFootnotes[1] Mile (disambiguation)[2] History of the metre[3] International yard and pound[4] Metric mileHow many metres are there in a mile?Despite many answers suggesting the use of Google rather than Quora, such action would require further research to discover that:There are many different interpretations for a mile[1]The definition of the metre has varied over time[2]Since 1959 the international yard has been defined as exactly 0.9144 metres[3]Using an international mile of [math]1760[/math] yards (eight furlongs or [math]5280[/math] feet) we see that: [math]/quad 1/text{ mile}[/math] is exactly [math]1760/times0.9144=1609.344/text{ metres}[/math] Which makes you wonder why the standard middle-distance race in the Olympics, often called a metric mile[4], is only [math]1500[/math] metres, [math]3/frac34[/math] laps rather than a nice round four laps…Footnotes[1] Mile (disambiguation)[2] History of the metre[3] International yard and pound[4] Metric mile |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","1 mile is 1609.34 metres… How did I get that? Google… But if google was not there, I could have done it the hard way. 1 mile = 1760 yards 1 yard = 36 inches 1 inch = 2.54 cm So, 1 mile = 1760x36x2.54 cm 1 metre = 100 cm So, we divide 1760x36x2.54 by 100 Result: 1609.344 and that is rounded off to 1609.34","1 mile is 1609.34 metres… How did I get that? Google… But if google was not there, I could have done it the hard way. 1 mile = 1760 yards 1 yard = 36 inches 1 inch = 2.54 cm So, 1 mile = 1760x36x2.54 cm 1 metre = 100 cm So, we divide 1760x36x2.54 by 100 Result: 1609.344 and that is rounded off to 1609.34 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Practically as of 1959–07–01 (though change of law came somewhat later for some countries), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, UK, and US defined the yard to be defined as 0.9144 m (exactly, since it is a definition)—the reason for this definition is that previously the different countries had different definitions for the yard, and they wanted to clean that situation up by adopting a common definition. All six countries except the US decided to retain the definition of a statute mile as 1760 yd, making the statute mile:[math]1/text{ mi} = 1760/text{ yd} × /frac{0.9144/text{ m}}{/text{yd[/math]Continue ReadingPractically as of 1959–07–01 (though change of law came somewhat later for some countries), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, UK, and US defined the yard to be defined as 0.9144 m (exactly, since it is a definition)—the reason for this definition is that previously the different countries had different definitions for the yard, and they wanted to clean that situation up by adopting a common definition. All six countries except the US decided to retain the definition of a statute mile as 1760 yd, making the statute mile:[math]1/text{ mi} = 1760/text{ yd} × /frac{0.9144/text{ m}}{/text{yd}} = 1609.344/text{ m.}[/math] The US took a different approach and called this new value for a mile the international mile. The previous US definition of the mile based on a yard of (3600/3937 m) was retained as the statute mile and given the alternative name of survey mile, as it was to retained solely to support surveys already in existence and for the foreseeable future.[math]1/text{ US stat mi} = 1/text{surv mi} =  1760/text{ yd} × /frac{3600/text{ m}}{3937/text{ yd}} = 1609.3472…/text{ m.}[/math]The meaning of the term “mile” by itself would depend on context, meaning survey mile in the context of surveying (though it was preferred to include “survey” to avoid confusion) and international mile for all other contexts. The nautical mile is defined to be:[math]1/text{ nmi} = 1852/text{ m}.[/math]There is no broad agreement for the symbol to use for nautical mile—nmi and NM seem to be the most popular choices.","ractically as of 1959–07–01 (though change of law came somewhat later for some countries), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, UK, and US defined the yard to be defined as 0.9144 m (exactly, since it is a definition)—the reason for this definition is that previously the different countries had different definitions for the yard, and they wanted to clean that situation up by adopting a common definition. All six countries except the US decided to retain the definition of a statute mile as 1760 yd, making the statute mile:[math]1/text{ mi} = 1760/text{ yd} × /frac{0.9144/text{ m}}{/text{yd[/math]Continue ReadingPractically as of 1959–07–01 (though change of law came somewhat later for some countries), Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, UK, and US defined the yard to be defined as 0.9144 m (exactly, since it is a definition)—the reason for this definition is that previously the different countries had different definitions for the yard, and they wanted to clean that situation up by adopting a common definition. All six countries except the US decided to retain the definition of a statute mile as 1760 yd, making the statute mile:[math]1/text{ mi} = 1760/text{ yd} × /frac{0.9144/text{ m}}{/text{yd}} = 1609.344/text{ m.}[/math] The US took a different approach and called this new value for a mile the international mile. The previous US definition of the mile based on a yard of (3600/3937 m) was retained as the statute mile and given the alternative name of survey mile, as it was to retained solely to support surveys already in existence and for the foreseeable future.[math]1/text{ US stat mi} = 1/text{surv mi} =  1760/text{ yd} × /frac{3600/text{ m}}{3937/text{ yd}} = 1609.3472…/text{ m.}[/math]The meaning of the term “mile” by itself would depend on context, meaning survey mile in the context of surveying (though it was preferred to include “survey” to avoid confusion) and international mile for all other contexts. The nautical mile is defined to be:[math]1/text{ nmi} = 1852/text{ m}.[/math]There is no broad agreement for the symbol to use for nautical mile—nmi and NM seem to be the most popular choices. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('block')|","number"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"If by “normal” you mean a traditional landline phone, you need to contact your carrier and ask them how to block a number. It may be possible to block a number by dialing a code, but it may depend upon what type of service you have. Your carrier may also have this information on their website under the type of service you have.","f by “normal” you mean a traditional landline phone, you need to contact your carrier and ask them how to block a number. It may be possible to block a number by dialing a code, but it may depend upon what type of service you have. Your carrier may also have this information on their website under the type of service you have. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It depends on what you are using to receive calls = On most landline phones, there is a [*star*] code for adding numbers to a block list. Many service providers have a web interface to your account to manage the same. On most VoIP service providers (i.e. Skype / Google Voice / Vonage / etc), they have a web interface with a block call list. On Android / Apple iOS, and Windows phones, there is a setting for blocking calls. On most smart phones you can also get an app (i.e. “Blacklist”) that provides additional features. The method which I use for all types of phone systems is this:Look at the calleContinue ReadingIt depends on what you are using to receive calls = On most landline phones, there is a [*star*] code for adding numbers to a block list. Many service providers have a web interface to your account to manage the same. On most VoIP service providers (i.e. Skype / Google Voice / Vonage / etc), they have a web interface with a block call list. On Android / Apple iOS, and Windows phones, there is a setting for blocking calls. On most smart phones you can also get an app (i.e. “Blacklist”) that provides additional features. The method which I use for all types of phone systems is this:Look at the caller IDDon’t answer if I don’t want to talk to them","It depends on what you are using to receive calls = On most landline phones, there is a [*star*] code for adding numbers to a block list. Many service providers have a web interface to your account to manage the same. On most VoIP service providers (i.e. Skype / Google Voice / Vonage / etc), they have a web interface with a block call list. On Android / Apple iOS, and Windows phones, there is a setting for blocking calls. On most smart phones you can also get an app (i.e. “Blacklist”) that provides additional features. The method which I use for all types of phone systems is this:Look at the calleContinue ReadingIt depends on what you are using to receive calls = On most landline phones, there is a [*star*] code for adding numbers to a block list. Many service providers have a web interface to your account to manage the same. On most VoIP service providers (i.e. Skype / Google Voice / Vonage / etc), they have a web interface with a block call list. On Android / Apple iOS, and Windows phones, there is a setting for blocking calls. On most smart phones you can also get an app (i.e. “Blacklist”) that provides additional features. The method which I use for all types of phone systems is this:Look at the caller IDDon’t answer if I don’t want to talk to them |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Method 1 Blocking Specific Numbers on a LandlineCall your telephone service provider. Ask a customer service representative whether call blocking is an available feature. ...Dial *60 on your phone. ...Add a phone number to be blocked. ...Remove a phone number from your block list. ...Hang up the phone.","ethod 1 Blocking Specific Numbers on a LandlineCall your telephone service provider. Ask a customer service representative whether call blocking is an available feature. ...Dial *60 on your phone. ...Add a phone number to be blocked. ...Remove a phone number from your block list. ...Hang up the phone. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('kiss')|","girl"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"It feels different than kissing a guy. She is softer; her mouth is smaller; she smells different. But that is about where the difference ends. Some are good, some are bad, some are awkward. Sometimes the rhythm is off and sometimes you clank teeth. Some put their tongue in your mouth and some don’t. Some make you melt on the inside and others make you wish you had stayed home for the night.","t feels different than kissing a guy. She is softer; her mouth is smaller; she smells different. But that is about where the difference ends. Some are good, some are bad, some are awkward. Sometimes the rhythm is off and sometimes you clank teeth. Some put their tongue in your mouth and some don’t. Some make you melt on the inside and others make you wish you had stayed home for the night. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you’re curious, try it and see. You won’t be breaking any laws (unless she’s a minor).","f you’re curious, try it and see. You won’t be breaking any laws (unless she’s a minor). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It’s very fun","It’s very fun |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('play')|","powerball"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Each Powerball ticket costs $2. If you want to activate the Power Play option, youd have to pay one extra dollar, so the ticket would cost in this case $3. The Power Play option will multiply the lower-tier winnings by up to 10 if the jackpot is under $150 million or, if the jackpot is over $150 million, by up to 5. Lower-tier winnings are the tiers having a base prize up to $50.000 Furthermore, the one million dollar prize (5 winning numbers without the Powerball) is automatically doubled (becomes two million) if Power Play is activated.","ach Powerball ticket costs $2. If you want to activate the Power Play option, youd have to pay one extra dollar, so the ticket would cost in this case $3. The Power Play option will multiply the lower-tier winnings by up to 10 if the jackpot is under $150 million or, if the jackpot is over $150 million, by up to 5. Lower-tier winnings are the tiers having a base prize up to $50.000 Furthermore, the one million dollar prize (5 winning numbers without the Powerball) is automatically doubled (becomes two million) if Power Play is activated. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The classic Powerball card costs $2 each. For additional dollars, you need to add the PowerPlay option. To increase the prize if you guess one to five qualified numbers correctly. PowerPlay will not affect the size of the jackpot. Regardless of whether you purchase the PowerPlay option, there is a fixed size of the jackpot. And the $1 million bonus obtained through the PowerPlay option is used to match five white balls, and it gets doubled to $2 million without PowerBall.If you purchase the PowerPlay option, the bonus value you won for less than five balls will be multiplied by 2 to 5 times. Continue ReadingThe classic Powerball card costs $2 each. For additional dollars, you need to add the PowerPlay option. To increase the prize if you guess one to five qualified numbers correctly. PowerPlay will not affect the size of the jackpot. Regardless of whether you purchase the PowerPlay option, there is a fixed size of the jackpot. And the $1 million bonus obtained through the PowerPlay option is used to match five white balls, and it gets doubled to $2 million without PowerBall.If you purchase the PowerPlay option, the bonus value you won for less than five balls will be multiplied by 2 to 5 times. You can draw the multiplier randomly. If the value of the jackpot is less than $150 million, it is also possible to get a multiplier of 10 times. To check out details for Powerball or other lotteries, including the results, you may visit LotteryTexts.com.","he classic Powerball card costs $2 each. For additional dollars, you need to add the PowerPlay option. To increase the prize if you guess one to five qualified numbers correctly. PowerPlay will not affect the size of the jackpot. Regardless of whether you purchase the PowerPlay option, there is a fixed size of the jackpot. And the $1 million bonus obtained through the PowerPlay option is used to match five white balls, and it gets doubled to $2 million without PowerBall.If you purchase the PowerPlay option, the bonus value you won for less than five balls will be multiplied by 2 to 5 times. Continue ReadingThe classic Powerball card costs $2 each. For additional dollars, you need to add the PowerPlay option. To increase the prize if you guess one to five qualified numbers correctly. PowerPlay will not affect the size of the jackpot. Regardless of whether you purchase the PowerPlay option, there is a fixed size of the jackpot. And the $1 million bonus obtained through the PowerPlay option is used to match five white balls, and it gets doubled to $2 million without PowerBall.If you purchase the PowerPlay option, the bonus value you won for less than five balls will be multiplied by 2 to 5 times. You can draw the multiplier randomly. If the value of the jackpot is less than $150 million, it is also possible to get a multiplier of 10 times. To check out details for Powerball or other lotteries, including the results, you may visit LotteryTexts.com. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If making sense involves getting the best likelihood of a long-term return on the cash you put into the endeavor, the answer is  never . Put that dollar into an S&amp;P 500 index fund instead. If making sense involves getting a cheap thrill by taking an occasional cheap chance on a staggeringly unlikely payout (and you arent a habitual or problem g...","f making sense involves getting the best likelihood of a long-term return on the cash you put into the endeavor, the answer is  never . Put that dollar into an S&amp;P 500 index fund instead. If making sense involves getting a cheap thrill by taking an occasional cheap chance on a staggeringly unlikely payout (and you arent a habitual or problem g... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 292,201,338 unique combinations with the current Powerball numbers. At $2 a pop, it would cost nearly $600 million to buy every single combination, and thats not taking into consideration the time and effort to actually make the purchases.","here are 292,201,338 unique combinations with the current Powerball numbers. At $2 a pop, it would cost nearly $600 million to buy every single combination, and thats not taking into consideration the time and effort to actually make the purchases. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","powerball"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Yacov Edelson. I’m not going to bore you with all the historical BS of how Powerball was created, what numbers were drawn, who the winners for each year, blah blah blah….Here’s what I’m going to tell you; The US Powerball is the worlds most popular and famous lottery.At the time of this writing, it holds the largest Jackpot that will be drawn on Wednesday 23rd 2017 worth $650 million dollars.What makes the US Powerball lottery so popular? The jackpot starts at $40 million and there is no jackpot cap, which means it can grow indefinitely until it is won. Just like the lucky winners below.What areContinue ReadingYacov Edelson. I’m not going to bore you with all the historical BS of how Powerball was created, what numbers were drawn, who the winners for each year, blah blah blah….Here’s what I’m going to tell you; The US Powerball is the worlds most popular and famous lottery.At the time of this writing, it holds the largest Jackpot that will be drawn on Wednesday 23rd 2017 worth $650 million dollars.What makes the US Powerball lottery so popular? The jackpot starts at $40 million and there is no jackpot cap, which means it can grow indefinitely until it is won. Just like the lucky winners below.What are the rules of the Powerball? To play the US Powerball, you need to pick five numbers from a range of 1-69 and a Powerball number from a range of 1-25. Draws take place on Wednesdays and Saturdays. The USA Powerball lottery has 9 prize divisions and a multiplier option called Power Play.The odds of winning the Jackpot are 1: 292,201,338 meaning for every 292 million tickets you purchase there will always be one ticket that will match the jackpot prize. Crazy….huh?What is Power Play? When you opt to participate with the Power Play option you increase your prizes in seven categories! When you win a prize it is multiplied 2 to 10 times, depending on the drawn Power Play number. The 10X multiplier is only possible with jackpots of $150 million or less. No matter what Power Play multiplier is selected, the maximum second prize is $2 million instead of the usual $1 million.Note: The Power Play feature is not available in California. Also, unlike all the other states offering Powerball, California awards all Powerball prizes on a pari-mutuel basis, meaning that the prize amounts will vary by how many people won and how many tickets were purchased within the state of California in each drawing. So I’ve basically told a bit about the Powerball but here’s one thing you must remember; US Powerball is the 2nd hardest lottery in the entire world to win, In 1st place comes Italy SuperEnalotto with astronomical odds of 1:622,614,630 that’s an additional 330 million tickets. But that’s for another day.No matter how insurmountable the jackpot odds may seem, someone will win the US Powerball jackpot and it might be you! Nah, just kidding.All Jokes aside take a leap of faith it might actually be you. Grab your tickets for this week’s draw.","acov Edelson. I’m not going to bore you with all the historical BS of how Powerball was created, what numbers were drawn, who the winners for each year, blah blah blah….Here’s what I’m going to tell you; The US Powerball is the worlds most popular and famous lottery.At the time of this writing, it holds the largest Jackpot that will be drawn on Wednesday 23rd 2017 worth $650 million dollars.What makes the US Powerball lottery so popular? The jackpot starts at $40 million and there is no jackpot cap, which means it can grow indefinitely until it is won. Just like the lucky winners below.What areContinue ReadingYacov Edelson. I’m not going to bore you with all the historical BS of how Powerball was created, what numbers were drawn, who the winners for each year, blah blah blah….Here’s what I’m going to tell you; The US Powerball is the worlds most popular and famous lottery.At the time of this writing, it holds the largest Jackpot that will be drawn on Wednesday 23rd 2017 worth $650 million dollars.What makes the US Powerball lottery so popular? The jackpot starts at $40 million and there is no jackpot cap, which means it can grow indefinitely until it is won. Just like the lucky winners below.What are the rules of the Powerball? To play the US Powerball, you need to pick five numbers from a range of 1-69 and a Powerball number from a range of 1-25. Draws take place on Wednesdays and Saturdays. The USA Powerball lottery has 9 prize divisions and a multiplier option called Power Play.The odds of winning the Jackpot are 1: 292,201,338 meaning for every 292 million tickets you purchase there will always be one ticket that will match the jackpot prize. Crazy….huh?What is Power Play? When you opt to participate with the Power Play option you increase your prizes in seven categories! When you win a prize it is multiplied 2 to 10 times, depending on the drawn Power Play number. The 10X multiplier is only possible with jackpots of $150 million or less. No matter what Power Play multiplier is selected, the maximum second prize is $2 million instead of the usual $1 million.Note: The Power Play feature is not available in California. Also, unlike all the other states offering Powerball, California awards all Powerball prizes on a pari-mutuel basis, meaning that the prize amounts will vary by how many people won and how many tickets were purchased within the state of California in each drawing. So I’ve basically told a bit about the Powerball but here’s one thing you must remember; US Powerball is the 2nd hardest lottery in the entire world to win, In 1st place comes Italy SuperEnalotto with astronomical odds of 1:622,614,630 that’s an additional 330 million tickets. But that’s for another day.No matter how insurmountable the jackpot odds may seem, someone will win the US Powerball jackpot and it might be you! Nah, just kidding.All Jokes aside take a leap of faith it might actually be you. Grab your tickets for this week’s draw. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The Powerball lottery is the world’s most famous lottery game. Powerball is a two-drum lottery game where one drum holds 69 white balls, and the other holds 26 red balls. In the lottery, only one red ball will be drawn, and that is the ball that’s called the Powerball. Powerball can be seen played on many different webpages, Multilotto is one of them. There are two different ways you can play the game. Select five numbers from 1 to 69 for the white balls, then select one number from 1 to 26 for the red Powerball. One way to do this is to use the Quick Pick option. This will draw your numbers foContinue ReadingThe Powerball lottery is the world’s most famous lottery game. Powerball is a two-drum lottery game where one drum holds 69 white balls, and the other holds 26 red balls. In the lottery, only one red ball will be drawn, and that is the ball that’s called the Powerball. Powerball can be seen played on many different webpages, Multilotto is one of them. There are two different ways you can play the game. Select five numbers from 1 to 69 for the white balls, then select one number from 1 to 26 for the red Powerball. One way to do this is to use the Quick Pick option. This will draw your numbers for you at random. The other one is that you choose your five numbers yourself on a play slip plus one Powerball number. In each Powerball draw, winning numbers are selected using two ball machines. One containing the white balls and the other containing the red Powerballs. 5 white balls are drawn from the first machine, while one red ball is drawn from the second machine. Players that match at least 3 white balls or the red Powerball win. To find out if you won a Powerball prize, you need to check your numbers. Many tv channels broadcast the Powerball draws live. You can also find the results online on Multilotto’s website, or in your local newspaper if you miss the live draw. The basic Powerball payouts with 5 correct white balls and the Powerball (jackpot) starts at $40 million and has no upper limit. The odds of winning Powerball jackpot is 1 in 292,201.338.","he Powerball lottery is the world’s most famous lottery game. Powerball is a two-drum lottery game where one drum holds 69 white balls, and the other holds 26 red balls. In the lottery, only one red ball will be drawn, and that is the ball that’s called the Powerball. Powerball can be seen played on many different webpages, Multilotto is one of them. There are two different ways you can play the game. Select five numbers from 1 to 69 for the white balls, then select one number from 1 to 26 for the red Powerball. One way to do this is to use the Quick Pick option. This will draw your numbers foContinue ReadingThe Powerball lottery is the world’s most famous lottery game. Powerball is a two-drum lottery game where one drum holds 69 white balls, and the other holds 26 red balls. In the lottery, only one red ball will be drawn, and that is the ball that’s called the Powerball. Powerball can be seen played on many different webpages, Multilotto is one of them. There are two different ways you can play the game. Select five numbers from 1 to 69 for the white balls, then select one number from 1 to 26 for the red Powerball. One way to do this is to use the Quick Pick option. This will draw your numbers for you at random. The other one is that you choose your five numbers yourself on a play slip plus one Powerball number. In each Powerball draw, winning numbers are selected using two ball machines. One containing the white balls and the other containing the red Powerballs. 5 white balls are drawn from the first machine, while one red ball is drawn from the second machine. Players that match at least 3 white balls or the red Powerball win. To find out if you won a Powerball prize, you need to check your numbers. Many tv channels broadcast the Powerball draws live. You can also find the results online on Multilotto’s website, or in your local newspaper if you miss the live draw. The basic Powerball payouts with 5 correct white balls and the Powerball (jackpot) starts at $40 million and has no upper limit. The odds of winning Powerball jackpot is 1 in 292,201.338. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Player picks five numbers between 1 and 59.  Then they pick a powerball number between 1 and 35. Players can select these numbers or they can choose quick pick which allows the computer to pick the numbers using a form of random number table.  Twice a week numbers are selected on TV.   To win simply  .... Match 5 numbers and the Powerball number = Jackpot  Match 5 numbers, not including the PowerbContinue ReadingPlayer picks five numbers between 1 and 59.  Then they pick a powerball number between 1 and 35. Players can select these numbers or they can choose quick pick which allows the computer to pick the numbers using a form of random number table.  Twice a week numbers are selected on TV.   To win simply  .... Match 5 numbers and the Powerball number = Jackpot  Match 5 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $1 million dollars  Match 4 numbers and the Powerball number = $10,000  Match 4 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $100  Match 3 numbers and the Powerball number = $100  Match 3 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $7  Match 2 numbers and the Powerball number = $7  Match 1 number and the Powerball number = $4  Match only...","layer picks five numbers between 1 and 59.  Then they pick a powerball number between 1 and 35. Players can select these numbers or they can choose quick pick which allows the computer to pick the numbers using a form of random number table.  Twice a week numbers are selected on TV.   To win simply  .... Match 5 numbers and the Powerball number = Jackpot  Match 5 numbers, not including the PowerbContinue ReadingPlayer picks five numbers between 1 and 59.  Then they pick a powerball number between 1 and 35. Players can select these numbers or they can choose quick pick which allows the computer to pick the numbers using a form of random number table.  Twice a week numbers are selected on TV.   To win simply  .... Match 5 numbers and the Powerball number = Jackpot  Match 5 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $1 million dollars  Match 4 numbers and the Powerball number = $10,000  Match 4 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $100  Match 3 numbers and the Powerball number = $100  Match 3 numbers, not including the Powerball number = $7  Match 2 numbers and the Powerball number = $7  Match 1 number and the Powerball number = $4  Match only... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The United States Powerball is one of the biggest lotteries on the planet and it is quite easy to understand why. Every single person has had the fantasy of actually winning a lottery, the fancy houses, the expensive yachts, private jets or maybe even simple pleasures such as having the perfect pizza delivered to your house every day. Every €3.50 spent when you play Powerball gives you a fantasy even if it is only for a few minutes. The largest Powerball jackpot to date was the accumulated prize of $1.56 BILLION which got millions of players to buy tickets in January 2016. The Powerball dates bContinue ReadingThe United States Powerball is one of the biggest lotteries on the planet and it is quite easy to understand why. Every single person has had the fantasy of actually winning a lottery, the fancy houses, the expensive yachts, private jets or maybe even simple pleasures such as having the perfect pizza delivered to your house every day. Every €3.50 spent when you play Powerball gives you a fantasy even if it is only for a few minutes. The largest Powerball jackpot to date was the accumulated prize of $1.56 BILLION which got millions of players to buy tickets in January 2016. The Powerball dates back to 1978 when the lottery was known as Lotto America which was later changed to its present name in 1992. In 2016 the Powerball smashed the record for the largest ever lottery jackpot when it paid out a massive $1.586 billion to three ticket holders. They each walked away with a cash prize of $327 million and a record that still stands to this day. The jackpot went close to passing this record in August 2017, when it reached $758 million, but it was then claimed by a single ticket holder, who became the biggest single ticket winner of the Powerball. Every time there is a rollover more Powerball tickets are sold, and the more rollovers there are, the more interest is generated and the faster that jackpot rises. This, in addition to the fact that there is no maximum jackpot, is what makes Powerball a record breaking lottery. The $40 million minimum jackpot also helps, as does the fact that Powerball is known around the world and is played by players in dozens of different countries. The odds of any ticket winning the Powerball jackpot are 1 in 292 million. The lowest prize, which is paid to players who get only the Powerball, returns odds of 1 in 38, and there is a 1 in 24 chance of any ticket being a winner. For details here: www.rotarylotto.com","The United States Powerball is one of the biggest lotteries on the planet and it is quite easy to understand why. Every single person has had the fantasy of actually winning a lottery, the fancy houses, the expensive yachts, private jets or maybe even simple pleasures such as having the perfect pizza delivered to your house every day. Every €3.50 spent when you play Powerball gives you a fantasy even if it is only for a few minutes. The largest Powerball jackpot to date was the accumulated prize of $1.56 BILLION which got millions of players to buy tickets in January 2016. The Powerball dates bContinue ReadingThe United States Powerball is one of the biggest lotteries on the planet and it is quite easy to understand why. Every single person has had the fantasy of actually winning a lottery, the fancy houses, the expensive yachts, private jets or maybe even simple pleasures such as having the perfect pizza delivered to your house every day. Every €3.50 spent when you play Powerball gives you a fantasy even if it is only for a few minutes. The largest Powerball jackpot to date was the accumulated prize of $1.56 BILLION which got millions of players to buy tickets in January 2016. The Powerball dates back to 1978 when the lottery was known as Lotto America which was later changed to its present name in 1992. In 2016 the Powerball smashed the record for the largest ever lottery jackpot when it paid out a massive $1.586 billion to three ticket holders. They each walked away with a cash prize of $327 million and a record that still stands to this day. The jackpot went close to passing this record in August 2017, when it reached $758 million, but it was then claimed by a single ticket holder, who became the biggest single ticket winner of the Powerball. Every time there is a rollover more Powerball tickets are sold, and the more rollovers there are, the more interest is generated and the faster that jackpot rises. This, in addition to the fact that there is no maximum jackpot, is what makes Powerball a record breaking lottery. The $40 million minimum jackpot also helps, as does the fact that Powerball is known around the world and is played by players in dozens of different countries. The odds of any ticket winning the Powerball jackpot are 1 in 292 million. The lowest prize, which is paid to players who get only the Powerball, returns odds of 1 in 38, and there is a 1 in 24 chance of any ticket being a winner. For details here: www.rotarylotto.com |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","EDIT- 10 Jan 2015 No winner!!... Jackpot now going up to $1.3B. Powerball jackpot might reach $1.3B after latest drawing sees no winners - Fox News [ http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/01/10/powerball-jackpot-might-reach-1-3b-after-latest-drawing-sees-no-winners.html ]  I will keep both readers of this answer up-to-date. I will buy another ticket, the risk reward is high but the odds of winning are overContinue ReadingEDIT- 10 Jan 2015 No winner!!... Jackpot now going up to $1.3B. Powerball jackpot might reach $1.3B after latest drawing sees no winners - Fox News [ http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/01/10/powerball-jackpot-might-reach-1-3b-after-latest-drawing-sees-no-winners.html ]  I will keep both readers of this answer up-to-date. I will buy another ticket, the risk reward is high but the odds of winning are over 1:300M now...  In an hour this may be worth almost $1,000,000,000 (billion) or next to nothing. I...","DIT- 10 Jan 2015 No winner!!... Jackpot now going up to $1.3B. Powerball jackpot might reach $1.3B after latest drawing sees no winners - Fox News [ http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/01/10/powerball-jackpot-might-reach-1-3b-after-latest-drawing-sees-no-winners.html ]  I will keep both readers of this answer up-to-date. I will buy another ticket, the risk reward is high but the odds of winning are overContinue ReadingEDIT- 10 Jan 2015 No winner!!... Jackpot now going up to $1.3B. Powerball jackpot might reach $1.3B after latest drawing sees no winners - Fox News [ http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/01/10/powerball-jackpot-might-reach-1-3b-after-latest-drawing-sees-no-winners.html ]  I will keep both readers of this answer up-to-date. I will buy another ticket, the risk reward is high but the odds of winning are over 1:300M now...  In an hour this may be worth almost $1,000,000,000 (billion) or next to nothing. I... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('ice')|","cream"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"As previously mentioned above, liquid nitrogen. Its not the safest of methods, but I once attended a Christmas party (thrown by engineers and highly technical people) where a variety of ice cream was crafted through the use of liquid nitrogen that someone brought in and a stainless mixing bowl. It was a hot summer afternoon and, apart from the cold beer, the liquid nitrogen-ice cream mix was the perfect way to cool down. People contributed a number of ingredients, just the usual suspects: different fruit and lots of chocolate. We managed to mix a few cans of Guinness to make Guinness ice creamContinue ReadingAs previously mentioned above, liquid nitrogen. Its not the safest of methods, but I once attended a Christmas party (thrown by engineers and highly technical people) where a variety of ice cream was crafted through the use of liquid nitrogen that someone brought in and a stainless mixing bowl. It was a hot summer afternoon and, apart from the cold beer, the liquid nitrogen-ice cream mix was the perfect way to cool down. People contributed a number of ingredients, just the usual suspects: different fruit and lots of chocolate. We managed to mix a few cans of Guinness to make Guinness ice cream. It was quite heady. But again, be careful when handling. Wait for the gas to expand as it freezes the food and ensure the area is well ventilated.","s previously mentioned above, liquid nitrogen. Its not the safest of methods, but I once attended a Christmas party (thrown by engineers and highly technical people) where a variety of ice cream was crafted through the use of liquid nitrogen that someone brought in and a stainless mixing bowl. It was a hot summer afternoon and, apart from the cold beer, the liquid nitrogen-ice cream mix was the perfect way to cool down. People contributed a number of ingredients, just the usual suspects: different fruit and lots of chocolate. We managed to mix a few cans of Guinness to make Guinness ice creamContinue ReadingAs previously mentioned above, liquid nitrogen. Its not the safest of methods, but I once attended a Christmas party (thrown by engineers and highly technical people) where a variety of ice cream was crafted through the use of liquid nitrogen that someone brought in and a stainless mixing bowl. It was a hot summer afternoon and, apart from the cold beer, the liquid nitrogen-ice cream mix was the perfect way to cool down. People contributed a number of ingredients, just the usual suspects: different fruit and lots of chocolate. We managed to mix a few cans of Guinness to make Guinness ice cream. It was quite heady. But again, be careful when handling. Wait for the gas to expand as it freezes the food and ensure the area is well ventilated. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Oprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here.","prah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you seContinue ReadingOprah purchased “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” in 2006, setting an auction record at the time for the artist. It was a controversial painting with an intriguing back story. It had been looted during WWII, and the family of the original collectors sued the Austrian government to get it back. They won the trial, and the story inspired the film “Woman in Gold”. She lent out the painting to several museums when she owned it, including a five year stint at the MoMA. So what was Oprah’s profit after flipping it in 2017 to an anonymous Chinese collector? A mind-boggling $62 million dollars. When you see those types of gains, it makes you wonder why everyone doesn’t get involved in the art market. Granted, most of us don’t have $88 million dollars to get started investing in these types of pieces. Thankfully, those gates have come crumbling down thanks to one startup. They’re taking advantage of a recently passed law that lets anyone get involved in these types of deals at a fraction of the normal purchase price. It’s a genius solution to a problem none of us even realized we were experiencing. And why art? Contemporary art prices have outperformed the S&amp;P by 174% between 1995 and 2020. That might be why Ivy League endowments have allocated 10x more into alternatives like art since 2000. If you want to get involved with this exciting asset class before any of your friends, you can join over 285,000 members who have already taken the plunge right here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I had some left overs from making tiramisu, and made it into ice cream fairly easily. (My wife hates the taste of coffee, so I make tiramisu by replacing the coffee with fruit blended smooth, and replacing the coffee liquor with whatever goes with the fruit - e.g. malibu for mango :) Simply put: Ingredients:300 ml whipping cream (35% fat, should say on the box its good for whipping)250 gr mascarpone cheese1/2 cup (100 gr) sugar or to tasteFruit, blended till smooth Preparation:- Whip the cream and sugar to slightly more than soft peaks- Add the mascarpone and whip till blended smooth-Continue ReadingI had some left overs from making tiramisu, and made it into ice cream fairly easily. (My wife hates the taste of coffee, so I make tiramisu by replacing the coffee with fruit blended smooth, and replacing the coffee liquor with whatever goes with the fruit - e.g. malibu for mango :) Simply put: Ingredients:300 ml whipping cream (35% fat, should say on the box its good for whipping)250 gr mascarpone cheese1/2 cup (100 gr) sugar or to tasteFruit, blended till smooth Preparation:- Whip the cream and sugar to slightly more than soft peaks- Add the mascarpone and whip till blended smooth- Add the blended fruit and mixThroughout the process, make sure you dont over-whip the cream, or it turns in butter.  Put in a freezer in a large container, and mix occasionally to help break it up.I also chucked in some left over cut up sponge fingers from the tiramisu. They softened up and became like cookies in the ice cream. Dont ask about fat and sugar content - the less you know the better :)","I had some left overs from making tiramisu, and made it into ice cream fairly easily. (My wife hates the taste of coffee, so I make tiramisu by replacing the coffee with fruit blended smooth, and replacing the coffee liquor with whatever goes with the fruit - e.g. malibu for mango :) Simply put: Ingredients:300 ml whipping cream (35% fat, should say on the box its good for whipping)250 gr mascarpone cheese1/2 cup (100 gr) sugar or to tasteFruit, blended till smooth Preparation:- Whip the cream and sugar to slightly more than soft peaks- Add the mascarpone and whip till blended smooth-Continue ReadingI had some left overs from making tiramisu, and made it into ice cream fairly easily. (My wife hates the taste of coffee, so I make tiramisu by replacing the coffee with fruit blended smooth, and replacing the coffee liquor with whatever goes with the fruit - e.g. malibu for mango :) Simply put: Ingredients:300 ml whipping cream (35% fat, should say on the box its good for whipping)250 gr mascarpone cheese1/2 cup (100 gr) sugar or to tasteFruit, blended till smooth Preparation:- Whip the cream and sugar to slightly more than soft peaks- Add the mascarpone and whip till blended smooth- Add the blended fruit and mixThroughout the process, make sure you dont over-whip the cream, or it turns in butter.  Put in a freezer in a large container, and mix occasionally to help break it up.I also chucked in some left over cut up sponge fingers from the tiramisu. They softened up and became like cookies in the ice cream. Dont ask about fat and sugar content - the less you know the better :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I was back packing across Rajasthan last summer. There I encountered a very strange and quite unique but effective method of making ice cream. A local from there showed us this technique. What you do is,you mix all the ice cream contents in a thin steel bowl ie. milk,cream and sugar. Then what he did afterwards was quite wonderful. He brought a fire extinguisher and told me to wear oven mittens and hold the steel bowl. He then popped the fire extinguisher and started spraying on the bottom of the bowl &amp; asked me to stir the mixture rapidly. As the fire extinguisher contains CO2 it acts like a Continue ReadingI was back packing across Rajasthan last summer. There I encountered a very strange and quite unique but effective method of making ice cream. A local from there showed us this technique. What you do is,you mix all the ice cream contents in a thin steel bowl ie. milk,cream and sugar. Then what he did afterwards was quite wonderful. He brought a fire extinguisher and told me to wear oven mittens and hold the steel bowl. He then popped the fire extinguisher and started spraying on the bottom of the bowl &amp; asked me to stir the mixture rapidly. As the fire extinguisher contains CO2 it acts like a dry ice which is essentially a spray of ice. This immensely low temperature caused the mixture of cream milk and sugar to solidify and due to the stirring,a poor man’s ice cream was formed. I know one could not do this at home,but this really was an unusual way of preparing Ice Cream."," was back packing across Rajasthan last summer. There I encountered a very strange and quite unique but effective method of making ice cream. A local from there showed us this technique. What you do is,you mix all the ice cream contents in a thin steel bowl ie. milk,cream and sugar. Then what he did afterwards was quite wonderful. He brought a fire extinguisher and told me to wear oven mittens and hold the steel bowl. He then popped the fire extinguisher and started spraying on the bottom of the bowl &amp; asked me to stir the mixture rapidly. As the fire extinguisher contains CO2 it acts like a Continue ReadingI was back packing across Rajasthan last summer. There I encountered a very strange and quite unique but effective method of making ice cream. A local from there showed us this technique. What you do is,you mix all the ice cream contents in a thin steel bowl ie. milk,cream and sugar. Then what he did afterwards was quite wonderful. He brought a fire extinguisher and told me to wear oven mittens and hold the steel bowl. He then popped the fire extinguisher and started spraying on the bottom of the bowl &amp; asked me to stir the mixture rapidly. As the fire extinguisher contains CO2 it acts like a dry ice which is essentially a spray of ice. This immensely low temperature caused the mixture of cream milk and sugar to solidify and due to the stirring,a poor man’s ice cream was formed. I know one could not do this at home,but this really was an unusual way of preparing Ice Cream. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('ice')|","cream"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Your answer to the question is Yes, if you do not have any mucus &amp; breathing related issues. Icecream stimulates the mucus membrane &amp; start producing excess amount of mucus. Lets talk about some benefits of Icecream. Icecream stimulates the thrombotonin, which is a hormone of happiness &amp; helps in reducing the levels of stress in the body. Icecreams is made of milk which contains L- triptophane, which is a natural tranquilizer &amp; helps in relaxing the nervous system. It also helps prevent symptoms of Insomnia. Icecream contains vitamin K, which prevents blood clotting. It is also an increadible soContinue ReadingYour answer to the question is Yes, if you do not have any mucus &amp; breathing related issues. Icecream stimulates the mucus membrane &amp; start producing excess amount of mucus. Lets talk about some benefits of Icecream. Icecream stimulates the thrombotonin, which is a hormone of happiness &amp; helps in reducing the levels of stress in the body. Icecreams is made of milk which contains L- triptophane, which is a natural tranquilizer &amp; helps in relaxing the nervous system. It also helps prevent symptoms of Insomnia. Icecream contains vitamin K, which prevents blood clotting. It is also an increadible source of energy. Calcium &amp; phosphorous are found in icecream. Calcium keep your bone strong &amp; also reduces the chances of kidney stones. Well that doesn’t mean that you start consuming as many icecream you can, do not forget it can also increase your weight. Stat Healthy. I hope you have got your answer, if you liked then please upvote. Thank You.","our answer to the question is Yes, if you do not have any mucus &amp; breathing related issues. Icecream stimulates the mucus membrane &amp; start producing excess amount of mucus. Lets talk about some benefits of Icecream. Icecream stimulates the thrombotonin, which is a hormone of happiness &amp; helps in reducing the levels of stress in the body. Icecreams is made of milk which contains L- triptophane, which is a natural tranquilizer &amp; helps in relaxing the nervous system. It also helps prevent symptoms of Insomnia. Icecream contains vitamin K, which prevents blood clotting. It is also an increadible soContinue ReadingYour answer to the question is Yes, if you do not have any mucus &amp; breathing related issues. Icecream stimulates the mucus membrane &amp; start producing excess amount of mucus. Lets talk about some benefits of Icecream. Icecream stimulates the thrombotonin, which is a hormone of happiness &amp; helps in reducing the levels of stress in the body. Icecreams is made of milk which contains L- triptophane, which is a natural tranquilizer &amp; helps in relaxing the nervous system. It also helps prevent symptoms of Insomnia. Icecream contains vitamin K, which prevents blood clotting. It is also an increadible source of energy. Calcium &amp; phosphorous are found in icecream. Calcium keep your bone strong &amp; also reduces the chances of kidney stones. Well that doesn’t mean that you start consuming as many icecream you can, do not forget it can also increase your weight. Stat Healthy. I hope you have got your answer, if you liked then please upvote. Thank You. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As the weather gets warmer, theres nothing quite like a scoop of ice cream to cool you down and satisfy your sweet tooth. But with all the talk about healthy eating and the negative effects of sugar on the body, you might be wondering if indulging in this frozen treat is a good idea. So, is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? Lets take a closer look.Ice cream is a beloved dessert that many people enjoy, but there is often debate about whether or not it is healthy. With so many different opinions and studies, it can be hard to know the truth. In this article, well explore the topic of ice cream Continue ReadingAs the weather gets warmer, theres nothing quite like a scoop of ice cream to cool you down and satisfy your sweet tooth. But with all the talk about healthy eating and the negative effects of sugar on the body, you might be wondering if indulging in this frozen treat is a good idea. So, is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? Lets take a closer look.Ice cream is a beloved dessert that many people enjoy, but there is often debate about whether or not it is healthy. With so many different opinions and studies, it can be hard to know the truth. In this article, well explore the topic of ice cream and its impact on your health.Introduction Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from dairy products, sugar, and flavorings. It comes in a variety of flavors, from classic vanilla to unique options like avocado or lavender. Ice cream is a staple treat in many households, with millions of gallons consumed every year. However, its also a dessert that is often criticized for being unhealthy. The Nutritional Value of Ice Cream When it comes to nutrition, ice cream is not exactly a superfood. Most commercial ice cream contains a high amount of sugar, which can lead to weight gain, diabetes, and other health problems. Additionally, many brands add artificial flavors and colors, which can be harmful to your health in the long run. However, ice cream also contains some beneficial nutrients. It is a good source of calcium, which is essential for strong bones and teeth. Some ice creams also contain vitamins A and D, which are important for overall health. If you opt for all-natural or homemade ice cream, you can also control the ingredients and make a healthier treat. The Negative Effects of Ice Cream on Health While ice cream can be a tasty treat, its important to understand the potential negative effects it can have on your health. As mentioned earlier, ice cream is often high in sugar, which can lead to weight gain and diabetes. Eating too much ice cream can also increase your risk of heart disease and other chronic conditions. In addition to the sugar content, many brands of ice cream contain additives and preservatives that can be harmful to your health. These can include artificial flavors, colors, and chemicals that are used to improve texture and consistency. Some studies have even linked certain food additives to cancer and other serious health problems. Tips for Enjoying Ice Cream in Moderation So, whats the verdict? Is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? The truth is somewhere in between. While its not exactly a health food, enjoying ice cream in moderation can be a part of a healthy lifestyle. Here are some tips for indulging in this sweet treat without going overboard:Choose all-natural or homemade ice cream, which is often lower in sugar and contains fewer additives and preservatives.Watch your portion sizes. Instead of a giant bowl of ice cream, try a smaller serving or sharing a sundae with a friend.Consider alternative options. If youre looking for a healthier way to satisfy your sweet tooth, try frozen yogurt, sorbet, or a fruit smoothie instead.Conclusion In conclusion, ice cream can be a part of a healthy diet, but its important to enjoy it in moderation. While its not exactly a health food, it does contain some beneficial nutrients like calcium and vitamins A and D. However, the high sugar content and additives in many commercial brands can be harmful to your health if consumed in excess. By choosing all-natural or homemade options and watching your portion sizes, you can enjoy this frozen treat without guilt. Overall, its important to listen to your body and enjoy treats like ice cream in moderation. If you have diabetes or other health conditions, its a good idea to talk to your doctor or a registered dietitian to determine how much and how often you can enjoy ice cream without negatively impacting your health. Its also worth noting that ice cream can be a source of pleasure and enjoyment, which is important for our overall well-being. In moderation, it can be a part of a balanced and healthy lifestyle. So, next time youre craving a scoop of ice cream, remember to enjoy it mindfully and in moderation. And if youre looking for a healthier option, consider making your own all-natural ice cream or trying a frozen yogurt or sorbet instead. Whatever you choose, remember to savor every bite and enjoy the moment!","As the weather gets warmer, theres nothing quite like a scoop of ice cream to cool you down and satisfy your sweet tooth. But with all the talk about healthy eating and the negative effects of sugar on the body, you might be wondering if indulging in this frozen treat is a good idea. So, is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? Lets take a closer look.Ice cream is a beloved dessert that many people enjoy, but there is often debate about whether or not it is healthy. With so many different opinions and studies, it can be hard to know the truth. In this article, well explore the topic of ice cream Continue ReadingAs the weather gets warmer, theres nothing quite like a scoop of ice cream to cool you down and satisfy your sweet tooth. But with all the talk about healthy eating and the negative effects of sugar on the body, you might be wondering if indulging in this frozen treat is a good idea. So, is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? Lets take a closer look.Ice cream is a beloved dessert that many people enjoy, but there is often debate about whether or not it is healthy. With so many different opinions and studies, it can be hard to know the truth. In this article, well explore the topic of ice cream and its impact on your health.Introduction Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from dairy products, sugar, and flavorings. It comes in a variety of flavors, from classic vanilla to unique options like avocado or lavender. Ice cream is a staple treat in many households, with millions of gallons consumed every year. However, its also a dessert that is often criticized for being unhealthy. The Nutritional Value of Ice Cream When it comes to nutrition, ice cream is not exactly a superfood. Most commercial ice cream contains a high amount of sugar, which can lead to weight gain, diabetes, and other health problems. Additionally, many brands add artificial flavors and colors, which can be harmful to your health in the long run. However, ice cream also contains some beneficial nutrients. It is a good source of calcium, which is essential for strong bones and teeth. Some ice creams also contain vitamins A and D, which are important for overall health. If you opt for all-natural or homemade ice cream, you can also control the ingredients and make a healthier treat. The Negative Effects of Ice Cream on Health While ice cream can be a tasty treat, its important to understand the potential negative effects it can have on your health. As mentioned earlier, ice cream is often high in sugar, which can lead to weight gain and diabetes. Eating too much ice cream can also increase your risk of heart disease and other chronic conditions. In addition to the sugar content, many brands of ice cream contain additives and preservatives that can be harmful to your health. These can include artificial flavors, colors, and chemicals that are used to improve texture and consistency. Some studies have even linked certain food additives to cancer and other serious health problems. Tips for Enjoying Ice Cream in Moderation So, whats the verdict? Is ice cream healthy or unhealthy? The truth is somewhere in between. While its not exactly a health food, enjoying ice cream in moderation can be a part of a healthy lifestyle. Here are some tips for indulging in this sweet treat without going overboard:Choose all-natural or homemade ice cream, which is often lower in sugar and contains fewer additives and preservatives.Watch your portion sizes. Instead of a giant bowl of ice cream, try a smaller serving or sharing a sundae with a friend.Consider alternative options. If youre looking for a healthier way to satisfy your sweet tooth, try frozen yogurt, sorbet, or a fruit smoothie instead.Conclusion In conclusion, ice cream can be a part of a healthy diet, but its important to enjoy it in moderation. While its not exactly a health food, it does contain some beneficial nutrients like calcium and vitamins A and D. However, the high sugar content and additives in many commercial brands can be harmful to your health if consumed in excess. By choosing all-natural or homemade options and watching your portion sizes, you can enjoy this frozen treat without guilt. Overall, its important to listen to your body and enjoy treats like ice cream in moderation. If you have diabetes or other health conditions, its a good idea to talk to your doctor or a registered dietitian to determine how much and how often you can enjoy ice cream without negatively impacting your health. Its also worth noting that ice cream can be a source of pleasure and enjoyment, which is important for our overall well-being. In moderation, it can be a part of a balanced and healthy lifestyle. So, next time youre craving a scoop of ice cream, remember to enjoy it mindfully and in moderation. And if youre looking for a healthier option, consider making your own all-natural ice cream or trying a frozen yogurt or sorbet instead. Whatever you choose, remember to savor every bite and enjoy the moment! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ice cream can be considered a treat or dessert, but is not usually considered a healthy food choice. While it may contain some nutrients like calcium and vitamin D, its also high in sugar, fat, and calories. A serving of ice cream (usually a quarter cup or 1/2 cup) can contain up to 150-200 calories, depending on the flavor and type of ice cream. It also contains up to 10-15 grams of saturated fat, which can raise cholesterol levels and increase the risk of heart disease. If you enjoy ice cream occasionally, its okay to eat it in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The key is to choose low-Continue ReadingIce cream can be considered a treat or dessert, but is not usually considered a healthy food choice. While it may contain some nutrients like calcium and vitamin D, its also high in sugar, fat, and calories. A serving of ice cream (usually a quarter cup or 1/2 cup) can contain up to 150-200 calories, depending on the flavor and type of ice cream. It also contains up to 10-15 grams of saturated fat, which can raise cholesterol levels and increase the risk of heart disease. If you enjoy ice cream occasionally, its okay to eat it in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The key is to choose low-fat and low-sugar varieties and limit portion sizes. Ice cream should be consumed in moderation as part of a healthy diet that includes a variety of whole foods, fruits, vegetables, lean proteins and whole grains.","ce cream can be considered a treat or dessert, but is not usually considered a healthy food choice. While it may contain some nutrients like calcium and vitamin D, its also high in sugar, fat, and calories. A serving of ice cream (usually a quarter cup or 1/2 cup) can contain up to 150-200 calories, depending on the flavor and type of ice cream. It also contains up to 10-15 grams of saturated fat, which can raise cholesterol levels and increase the risk of heart disease. If you enjoy ice cream occasionally, its okay to eat it in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The key is to choose low-Continue ReadingIce cream can be considered a treat or dessert, but is not usually considered a healthy food choice. While it may contain some nutrients like calcium and vitamin D, its also high in sugar, fat, and calories. A serving of ice cream (usually a quarter cup or 1/2 cup) can contain up to 150-200 calories, depending on the flavor and type of ice cream. It also contains up to 10-15 grams of saturated fat, which can raise cholesterol levels and increase the risk of heart disease. If you enjoy ice cream occasionally, its okay to eat it in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The key is to choose low-fat and low-sugar varieties and limit portion sizes. Ice cream should be consumed in moderation as part of a healthy diet that includes a variety of whole foods, fruits, vegetables, lean proteins and whole grains. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('lower')|","|pal:NRT('blood')|","pressure"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"The kidney is the ultimate controller of how much volume you have in the blood and how resistant your arteries are to let blood go through. Those two things define to a great extent people’s blood pressure. Hypertension is top pressure of &gt;130 and bottom above &gt;80. The more the pressure elevates the harder it is for your heart to pump effectively and untreated hypertension predisposes people to heart disease and strokes. It is a complex issue how the body got that way but it has to do with tissue adaptation to the things you eat and do and how tense your life is over a long period of time. BasicContinue ReadingThe kidney is the ultimate controller of how much volume you have in the blood and how resistant your arteries are to let blood go through. Those two things define to a great extent people’s blood pressure. Hypertension is top pressure of &gt;130 and bottom above &gt;80. The more the pressure elevates the harder it is for your heart to pump effectively and untreated hypertension predisposes people to heart disease and strokes. It is a complex issue how the body got that way but it has to do with tissue adaptation to the things you eat and do and how tense your life is over a long period of time. Basically your kidneys start to reset the barometer at a higher level and your pressure rises to that. First thing is to follow up with a home BP unit and take it every day once a day at least and start from there. Things that lower blood pressure over time are: Emotional control, restfulness, calmness, working through emotional issues, keep a cool head. It is advised to really break the mold and seek advise and talk therapy sometimes. Exercise daily in the form of long walks preferably where you can see lots of green and take weekends to go out into nature. (lots of research on that now…it works!) After work…leave the TV with terrible news alone…go for a nice walk…and if you get too tired sit for a moment and resume when you feel good. Eat only three meals a day, and ONLY water in between! Avoid ‘stimulants” tea, coffee, black and white pepper, black tea, caffeinated beverages. East fruit with the meal (bump up the potassium) If blood pressure is really elevated naturally .150 systolic…go on a salt substitute for a month, then slowly resume salt watching what it does to your pressure. Avoid fats, oils, in the diet..Eat fish, beans , cereals, grains, pasta, nuts, vegetables cooked in a way that’s not greassy (doesn’t matter what oil makes it greassy food) Give yourself the chance for health. Health is your first wealth. Follow this simple program, see the results for yourself!!!!..…prove me wrong! You will be surprised.. Dr. Remigio","The kidney is the ultimate controller of how much volume you have in the blood and how resistant your arteries are to let blood go through. Those two things define to a great extent people’s blood pressure. Hypertension is top pressure of &gt;130 and bottom above &gt;80. The more the pressure elevates the harder it is for your heart to pump effectively and untreated hypertension predisposes people to heart disease and strokes. It is a complex issue how the body got that way but it has to do with tissue adaptation to the things you eat and do and how tense your life is over a long period of time. BasicContinue ReadingThe kidney is the ultimate controller of how much volume you have in the blood and how resistant your arteries are to let blood go through. Those two things define to a great extent people’s blood pressure. Hypertension is top pressure of &gt;130 and bottom above &gt;80. The more the pressure elevates the harder it is for your heart to pump effectively and untreated hypertension predisposes people to heart disease and strokes. It is a complex issue how the body got that way but it has to do with tissue adaptation to the things you eat and do and how tense your life is over a long period of time. Basically your kidneys start to reset the barometer at a higher level and your pressure rises to that. First thing is to follow up with a home BP unit and take it every day once a day at least and start from there. Things that lower blood pressure over time are: Emotional control, restfulness, calmness, working through emotional issues, keep a cool head. It is advised to really break the mold and seek advise and talk therapy sometimes. Exercise daily in the form of long walks preferably where you can see lots of green and take weekends to go out into nature. (lots of research on that now…it works!) After work…leave the TV with terrible news alone…go for a nice walk…and if you get too tired sit for a moment and resume when you feel good. Eat only three meals a day, and ONLY water in between! Avoid ‘stimulants” tea, coffee, black and white pepper, black tea, caffeinated beverages. East fruit with the meal (bump up the potassium) If blood pressure is really elevated naturally .150 systolic…go on a salt substitute for a month, then slowly resume salt watching what it does to your pressure. Avoid fats, oils, in the diet..Eat fish, beans , cereals, grains, pasta, nuts, vegetables cooked in a way that’s not greassy (doesn’t matter what oil makes it greassy food) Give yourself the chance for health. Health is your first wealth. Follow this simple program, see the results for yourself!!!!..…prove me wrong! You will be surprised.. Dr. Remigio |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","High blood pressure is a serious condition that can cause a variety of health problems if it is left untreated. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to reduce your blood pressure without medication. Here are some tips to help you lower your blood pressure without medication. 1. Exercise Regularly – Exercise is one of the best natural ways to lower your blood pressure. Regular physical activity can improve your overall health and help reduce your blood pressure. Aim to get at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous exercise, five days a week. 2. Eat Healthy – Eating a balanced diet that is Continue ReadingHigh blood pressure is a serious condition that can cause a variety of health problems if it is left untreated. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to reduce your blood pressure without medication. Here are some tips to help you lower your blood pressure without medication. 1. Exercise Regularly – Exercise is one of the best natural ways to lower your blood pressure. Regular physical activity can improve your overall health and help reduce your blood pressure. Aim to get at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous exercise, five days a week. 2. Eat Healthy – Eating a balanced diet that is low in salt, saturated fat, cholesterol, and processed foods can help you lower your blood pressure. Choose healthy proteins such as lean meats, fish, and eggs, lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, and whole grains. 3. Reduce Stress – Stress can cause your blood pressure to rise, so it’s important to find ways to reduce and manage it. Take time for yourself to relax and unwind. Try activities such as yoga, deep-breathing exercises, and reading to help reduce stress and relax your mind and body. 4. Drink Less Alcohol – Excess alcohol can raise your blood pressure, so it’s important to limit your intake. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans suggest that men should have no more than two alcoholic drinks per day and women should have no more than one drink per day. 5. Quit Smoking – Smoking can raise your blood pressure, so it’s important to quit if you want to maintain a healthy blood pressure. Talk to your doctor or healthcare provider about ways to help you quit. Taking these steps can help you lower your blood pressure without medication. However, it’s important to talk to your healthcare provider to get personalized advice on how to best manage your blood pressure. Also, make sure to have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure you are maintaining a healthy level.","igh blood pressure is a serious condition that can cause a variety of health problems if it is left untreated. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to reduce your blood pressure without medication. Here are some tips to help you lower your blood pressure without medication. 1. Exercise Regularly – Exercise is one of the best natural ways to lower your blood pressure. Regular physical activity can improve your overall health and help reduce your blood pressure. Aim to get at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous exercise, five days a week. 2. Eat Healthy – Eating a balanced diet that is Continue ReadingHigh blood pressure is a serious condition that can cause a variety of health problems if it is left untreated. Fortunately, there are steps you can take to reduce your blood pressure without medication. Here are some tips to help you lower your blood pressure without medication. 1. Exercise Regularly – Exercise is one of the best natural ways to lower your blood pressure. Regular physical activity can improve your overall health and help reduce your blood pressure. Aim to get at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous exercise, five days a week. 2. Eat Healthy – Eating a balanced diet that is low in salt, saturated fat, cholesterol, and processed foods can help you lower your blood pressure. Choose healthy proteins such as lean meats, fish, and eggs, lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, and whole grains. 3. Reduce Stress – Stress can cause your blood pressure to rise, so it’s important to find ways to reduce and manage it. Take time for yourself to relax and unwind. Try activities such as yoga, deep-breathing exercises, and reading to help reduce stress and relax your mind and body. 4. Drink Less Alcohol – Excess alcohol can raise your blood pressure, so it’s important to limit your intake. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans suggest that men should have no more than two alcoholic drinks per day and women should have no more than one drink per day. 5. Quit Smoking – Smoking can raise your blood pressure, so it’s important to quit if you want to maintain a healthy blood pressure. Talk to your doctor or healthcare provider about ways to help you quit. Taking these steps can help you lower your blood pressure without medication. However, it’s important to talk to your healthcare provider to get personalized advice on how to best manage your blood pressure. Also, make sure to have your blood pressure checked regularly to make sure you are maintaining a healthy level. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","High blood pressure, also known as hypertension, is a common health condition that affects millions of people worldwide. It is caused by several factors, including stress, diet, lifestyle, and genetics. High blood pressure can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. The good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. In this article, we will discuss the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally.Understanding High Blood Pressure Before we delve into the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally, itContinue ReadingHigh blood pressure, also known as hypertension, is a common health condition that affects millions of people worldwide. It is caused by several factors, including stress, diet, lifestyle, and genetics. High blood pressure can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. The good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. In this article, we will discuss the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally.Understanding High Blood Pressure Before we delve into the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally, its important to understand what high blood pressure is and what causes it. Blood pressure is the force of blood against the walls of your arteries. When your blood pressure is too high, it puts extra strain on your arteries, heart, and other organs, which can lead to serious health problems. High blood pressure is classified into two types: primary (essential) hypertension and secondary hypertension. Primary hypertension is the most common type and is usually caused by lifestyle factors such as diet, lack of exercise, and stress. Secondary hypertension is caused by an underlying medical condition such as kidney disease, sleep apnea, or thyroid problems. Best Ways to Lower High Blood Pressure Naturally 1. Adopt a Healthy Diet One of the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally is to adopt a healthy diet. A healthy diet should include plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein, and low-fat dairy products. It is also important to limit your intake of sodium, saturated fats, and added sugars. Research has shown that the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet can significantly lower blood pressure. 2. Exercise Regularly Regular exercise is also an effective way to lower high blood pressure naturally. Exercise helps to strengthen your heart and blood vessels, which can lower your blood pressure. It is recommended to get at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise per week. 3. Reduce Stress Stress is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Therefore, reducing stress can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. You can reduce stress by practicing relaxation techniques such as meditation, deep breathing, and yoga. It is also important to get enough sleep and take breaks from work or other stressful activities. 4. Quit Smoking Smoking is a major risk factor for high blood pressure and other health problems. Quitting smoking can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. It is also important to avoid secondhand smoke as much as possible. 5. Limit Alcohol Consumption Drinking too much alcohol can raise your blood pressure. Therefore, it is important to limit your alcohol consumption. Men should have no more than two drinks per day, and women should have no more than one drink per day. 6. Maintain a Healthy Weight Being overweight or obese can increase your risk of developing high blood pressure. Therefore, maintaining a healthy weight can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. You can maintain a healthy weight by eating a healthy diet and exercising regularly. 7. Monitor Your Blood Pressure It is important to monitor your blood pressure regularly, especially if you have a family history of high blood pressure or other risk factors. You can monitor your blood pressure at home using a blood pressure monitor. 8. Take Supplements Some supplements can help to lower high blood pressure naturally. These include magnesium, potassium, and omega-3 fatty acids. However, it is important to talk to your healthcare provider before taking any supplements. Conclusion In conclusion, high blood pressure is a common health condition that affects many people worldwide. It can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. However, the good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. Adopting a healthy diet, exercising regularly, reducing stress, quitting smoking, limiting alcohol consumption, maintaining a healthy weight, monitoring your blood pressure, and taking supplements can all help to lower high blood pressure naturally. It is important to talk to your healthcare provider before making any significant changes to your diet or exercise routine. By incorporating these natural methods into your lifestyle, you can significantly lower your risk of developing high blood pressure and improve your overall health and wellbeing.","igh blood pressure, also known as hypertension, is a common health condition that affects millions of people worldwide. It is caused by several factors, including stress, diet, lifestyle, and genetics. High blood pressure can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. The good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. In this article, we will discuss the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally.Understanding High Blood Pressure Before we delve into the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally, itContinue ReadingHigh blood pressure, also known as hypertension, is a common health condition that affects millions of people worldwide. It is caused by several factors, including stress, diet, lifestyle, and genetics. High blood pressure can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. The good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. In this article, we will discuss the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally.Understanding High Blood Pressure Before we delve into the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally, its important to understand what high blood pressure is and what causes it. Blood pressure is the force of blood against the walls of your arteries. When your blood pressure is too high, it puts extra strain on your arteries, heart, and other organs, which can lead to serious health problems. High blood pressure is classified into two types: primary (essential) hypertension and secondary hypertension. Primary hypertension is the most common type and is usually caused by lifestyle factors such as diet, lack of exercise, and stress. Secondary hypertension is caused by an underlying medical condition such as kidney disease, sleep apnea, or thyroid problems. Best Ways to Lower High Blood Pressure Naturally 1. Adopt a Healthy Diet One of the best ways to lower high blood pressure naturally is to adopt a healthy diet. A healthy diet should include plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein, and low-fat dairy products. It is also important to limit your intake of sodium, saturated fats, and added sugars. Research has shown that the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet can significantly lower blood pressure. 2. Exercise Regularly Regular exercise is also an effective way to lower high blood pressure naturally. Exercise helps to strengthen your heart and blood vessels, which can lower your blood pressure. It is recommended to get at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise per week. 3. Reduce Stress Stress is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Therefore, reducing stress can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. You can reduce stress by practicing relaxation techniques such as meditation, deep breathing, and yoga. It is also important to get enough sleep and take breaks from work or other stressful activities. 4. Quit Smoking Smoking is a major risk factor for high blood pressure and other health problems. Quitting smoking can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. It is also important to avoid secondhand smoke as much as possible. 5. Limit Alcohol Consumption Drinking too much alcohol can raise your blood pressure. Therefore, it is important to limit your alcohol consumption. Men should have no more than two drinks per day, and women should have no more than one drink per day. 6. Maintain a Healthy Weight Being overweight or obese can increase your risk of developing high blood pressure. Therefore, maintaining a healthy weight can help to lower your blood pressure naturally. You can maintain a healthy weight by eating a healthy diet and exercising regularly. 7. Monitor Your Blood Pressure It is important to monitor your blood pressure regularly, especially if you have a family history of high blood pressure or other risk factors. You can monitor your blood pressure at home using a blood pressure monitor. 8. Take Supplements Some supplements can help to lower high blood pressure naturally. These include magnesium, potassium, and omega-3 fatty acids. However, it is important to talk to your healthcare provider before taking any supplements. Conclusion In conclusion, high blood pressure is a common health condition that affects many people worldwide. It can lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. However, the good news is that there are several ways to lower high blood pressure without medication. Adopting a healthy diet, exercising regularly, reducing stress, quitting smoking, limiting alcohol consumption, maintaining a healthy weight, monitoring your blood pressure, and taking supplements can all help to lower high blood pressure naturally. It is important to talk to your healthcare provider before making any significant changes to your diet or exercise routine. By incorporating these natural methods into your lifestyle, you can significantly lower your risk of developing high blood pressure and improve your overall health and wellbeing. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can tackle high blood pressure by making lifestyle changes too. The positive impact of these changes can complement the restorative effect of the medicines you take. Medicines and proper lifestyle can work together to ensure that your blood pressure remains normal in the long run.High blood pressure – what to do 1. Watch your waistline: It is a proven fact the blood pressure increases with an increase in weight. Excess weight is known to cause sleep apnoea, which further worsens blood pressure. You don’t have to become slim and ‘ripped’ to have a healthy BP. Just losing 5kg of excess weightContinue ReadingYou can tackle high blood pressure by making lifestyle changes too. The positive impact of these changes can complement the restorative effect of the medicines you take. Medicines and proper lifestyle can work together to ensure that your blood pressure remains normal in the long run.High blood pressure – what to do 1. Watch your waistline: It is a proven fact the blood pressure increases with an increase in weight. Excess weight is known to cause sleep apnoea, which further worsens blood pressure. You don’t have to become slim and ‘ripped’ to have a healthy BP. Just losing 5kg of excess weight can have an enormously positive impact on your health.2. Exercise regularly: Just 30 minutes of exercise 5 days a week can lower your blood pressure. Combine light aerobic exercise with jogging and you have the basics in place. Remember to warm up before exercising so as not to put too much stress on the muscles. And don’t give up after a few weeks, as that would cause the BP to rise once again.3. Maintain a healthy diet: Eat a diet which is rich in whole grains, fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products like milk, while avoiding cholesterol-rich food and saturated fat. This kind of diet is known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH). It can cause significant decrease in your BP.4. Stay away from sodium: Even a small reduction in sodium intake can reduce blood pressure. The primary source of sodium is cooking salt. So, you need to cut down on salty food. Some people go to the extent of adding extra salt to their plate. This bad habit is highly injurious.5. Stop drinking alcohol: Drinking alcohol regularly can raise your BP by several points. It can also interfere with the working of medicines you are taking. If you want to control your BP, then you must remove alcohol from your life.6. Quit smoking: Even a single cigarette increases your BP for several minutes. Needless to say, smoking is enormously damaging to your lungs. If you care about your BP and your life expectancy, then stop smoking without any further delay.7. Minimize caffeine intake: It can raise the BP by several points. While the effect of regular coffee drinking isn’t clear, you may want to cut down on coffee just to be safe. Instead, you can try out safer alternatives like green tea.8. Control stress: It is a known cause of high blood pressure. If you react to stress by eating junk food and smoking, then it will only worsen the pressure level. Instead, try this out: sit in a quiet corner and write down what are the sources of stress in your life. This will help you minimize the impact of these sources on your life. You can even try to exclude them completely.9. Check up regularly: There are many devices available in the market which you can use to measure your BP right at home. Do this twice every day and keep a record of the result. This will help you and your doctor to find out whether there are any changes (positive or negative) in your BP level. See your doctor at least once a month and follow his expert advice.10. Get help from family: Inform the people around you that you have high blood pressure. They may encourage you to take care of your health and provide practical tips. You will be able to maintain a healthy diet and exercise program this way.","ou can tackle high blood pressure by making lifestyle changes too. The positive impact of these changes can complement the restorative effect of the medicines you take. Medicines and proper lifestyle can work together to ensure that your blood pressure remains normal in the long run.High blood pressure – what to do 1. Watch your waistline: It is a proven fact the blood pressure increases with an increase in weight. Excess weight is known to cause sleep apnoea, which further worsens blood pressure. You don’t have to become slim and ‘ripped’ to have a healthy BP. Just losing 5kg of excess weightContinue ReadingYou can tackle high blood pressure by making lifestyle changes too. The positive impact of these changes can complement the restorative effect of the medicines you take. Medicines and proper lifestyle can work together to ensure that your blood pressure remains normal in the long run.High blood pressure – what to do 1. Watch your waistline: It is a proven fact the blood pressure increases with an increase in weight. Excess weight is known to cause sleep apnoea, which further worsens blood pressure. You don’t have to become slim and ‘ripped’ to have a healthy BP. Just losing 5kg of excess weight can have an enormously positive impact on your health.2. Exercise regularly: Just 30 minutes of exercise 5 days a week can lower your blood pressure. Combine light aerobic exercise with jogging and you have the basics in place. Remember to warm up before exercising so as not to put too much stress on the muscles. And don’t give up after a few weeks, as that would cause the BP to rise once again.3. Maintain a healthy diet: Eat a diet which is rich in whole grains, fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products like milk, while avoiding cholesterol-rich food and saturated fat. This kind of diet is known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH). It can cause significant decrease in your BP.4. Stay away from sodium: Even a small reduction in sodium intake can reduce blood pressure. The primary source of sodium is cooking salt. So, you need to cut down on salty food. Some people go to the extent of adding extra salt to their plate. This bad habit is highly injurious.5. Stop drinking alcohol: Drinking alcohol regularly can raise your BP by several points. It can also interfere with the working of medicines you are taking. If you want to control your BP, then you must remove alcohol from your life.6. Quit smoking: Even a single cigarette increases your BP for several minutes. Needless to say, smoking is enormously damaging to your lungs. If you care about your BP and your life expectancy, then stop smoking without any further delay.7. Minimize caffeine intake: It can raise the BP by several points. While the effect of regular coffee drinking isn’t clear, you may want to cut down on coffee just to be safe. Instead, you can try out safer alternatives like green tea.8. Control stress: It is a known cause of high blood pressure. If you react to stress by eating junk food and smoking, then it will only worsen the pressure level. Instead, try this out: sit in a quiet corner and write down what are the sources of stress in your life. This will help you minimize the impact of these sources on your life. You can even try to exclude them completely.9. Check up regularly: There are many devices available in the market which you can use to measure your BP right at home. Do this twice every day and keep a record of the result. This will help you and your doctor to find out whether there are any changes (positive or negative) in your BP level. See your doctor at least once a month and follow his expert advice.10. Get help from family: Inform the people around you that you have high blood pressure. They may encourage you to take care of your health and provide practical tips. You will be able to maintain a healthy diet and exercise program this way. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('poach')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","egg"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Following Jacques Pepin:Boil some water in a large saucepan. You dont need too much, but you want to make sure that, if youre cooking multiple eggs, that you have enough space for them. 2.5 - 3 quarts is a good amount for up to 6 eggs.Add a little bit of white vinegar - this causes the whites to set faster - about 1/4 cup is good for 3 quarts of waterAfter the water has boiled, reduce it to a simmerBreak your eggs into the water, one at a time. Try to do this as close to the water as possible (to avoid splashing), and try to drop the eggs in at the point where the water is simmering most stContinue ReadingFollowing Jacques Pepin:Boil some water in a large saucepan. You dont need too much, but you want to make sure that, if youre cooking multiple eggs, that you have enough space for them. 2.5 - 3 quarts is a good amount for up to 6 eggs.Add a little bit of white vinegar - this causes the whites to set faster - about 1/4 cup is good for 3 quarts of waterAfter the water has boiled, reduce it to a simmerBreak your eggs into the water, one at a time. Try to do this as close to the water as possible (to avoid splashing), and try to drop the eggs in at the point where the water is simmering most strongly; this will make sure the egg doesnt fall through the water quickly and hit the bottom of the pan.Once your eggs are in, lightly scrape the bottom of the pan with a slotted spoon to prevent the whites from sticking to the pan, and to move the eggs around a bit. Dont do this too violently.Dont worry too much about containing the egg whites - itll look like your egg has turned into an octopus, but you lose surprisingly little of the white even if you dont use an egg ring or similar device.Large eggs will take 3 - 4 minutes to cook, but cook longer or shorter to taste. You can estimate doneness by lifting the egg out with a spoon, and seeing how firm the yolks are (this might take some practice).After removing the eggs from the water, place them in a bowl full of ice water - this will both stop cooking and rinse off the vinegar.Trim the edges of the eggs with scissors (if you care about presentation).You can reheat the eggs by dipping them in boiling water for a minute; they will keep in the fridge in a bowl of water for several days.","ollowing Jacques Pepin:Boil some water in a large saucepan. You dont need too much, but you want to make sure that, if youre cooking multiple eggs, that you have enough space for them. 2.5 - 3 quarts is a good amount for up to 6 eggs.Add a little bit of white vinegar - this causes the whites to set faster - about 1/4 cup is good for 3 quarts of waterAfter the water has boiled, reduce it to a simmerBreak your eggs into the water, one at a time. Try to do this as close to the water as possible (to avoid splashing), and try to drop the eggs in at the point where the water is simmering most stContinue ReadingFollowing Jacques Pepin:Boil some water in a large saucepan. You dont need too much, but you want to make sure that, if youre cooking multiple eggs, that you have enough space for them. 2.5 - 3 quarts is a good amount for up to 6 eggs.Add a little bit of white vinegar - this causes the whites to set faster - about 1/4 cup is good for 3 quarts of waterAfter the water has boiled, reduce it to a simmerBreak your eggs into the water, one at a time. Try to do this as close to the water as possible (to avoid splashing), and try to drop the eggs in at the point where the water is simmering most strongly; this will make sure the egg doesnt fall through the water quickly and hit the bottom of the pan.Once your eggs are in, lightly scrape the bottom of the pan with a slotted spoon to prevent the whites from sticking to the pan, and to move the eggs around a bit. Dont do this too violently.Dont worry too much about containing the egg whites - itll look like your egg has turned into an octopus, but you lose surprisingly little of the white even if you dont use an egg ring or similar device.Large eggs will take 3 - 4 minutes to cook, but cook longer or shorter to taste. You can estimate doneness by lifting the egg out with a spoon, and seeing how firm the yolks are (this might take some practice).After removing the eggs from the water, place them in a bowl full of ice water - this will both stop cooking and rinse off the vinegar.Trim the edges of the eggs with scissors (if you care about presentation).You can reheat the eggs by dipping them in boiling water for a minute; they will keep in the fridge in a bowl of water for several days. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I found this which I thought was quite amusing and actually worked really well! the method is super simple and is taken from the blog link shown below: source - So let’s start with a bang…how to get those perfectly poached eggs. (not a dodgy site or anything by the way!!) For ease, I though I would just reproduce the method here, I’m sure many of you have heard it before but it really is a fool proof method!Boil a saucepan full of water, then take it down to a simmer so the water is not jumping all over the place.Crack an egg into a deep plastic ladle (doesn’t have to be plastic) you can do this Continue ReadingI found this which I thought was quite amusing and actually worked really well! the method is super simple and is taken from the blog link shown below: source - So let’s start with a bang…how to get those perfectly poached eggs. (not a dodgy site or anything by the way!!) For ease, I though I would just reproduce the method here, I’m sure many of you have heard it before but it really is a fool proof method!Boil a saucepan full of water, then take it down to a simmer so the water is not jumping all over the place.Crack an egg into a deep plastic ladle (doesn’t have to be plastic) you can do this by balancing it up against the side of your sink.Then, when the water is still (you don’t even need to have your hob on if you’ve just boiled the water in a kettle), just gently lower the egg into the water.When the egg has been in there for a minute or so, gently tip the egg out of the ladle towards the side of the pan, and move onto your next egg if you so desire.Aim for around 4 minutes. Give it a poke as you go along to see how the little fellas doing, and if he’s getting harder…Once satisfied, get a spoon with holes in to drain (no idea what technical term is for that) and pop onto some kitchen roll or something absorbent.AND YOUR DONE! No need for vinegar or messy cling film which is a really annoying approach I find.This approach negates the need for cling film, vinegar or any other snazzy apparatus! Just a simple ladle is all that is needed. Hope this helps!","I found this which I thought was quite amusing and actually worked really well! the method is super simple and is taken from the blog link shown below: source - So let’s start with a bang…how to get those perfectly poached eggs. (not a dodgy site or anything by the way!!) For ease, I though I would just reproduce the method here, I’m sure many of you have heard it before but it really is a fool proof method!Boil a saucepan full of water, then take it down to a simmer so the water is not jumping all over the place.Crack an egg into a deep plastic ladle (doesn’t have to be plastic) you can do this Continue ReadingI found this which I thought was quite amusing and actually worked really well! the method is super simple and is taken from the blog link shown below: source - So let’s start with a bang…how to get those perfectly poached eggs. (not a dodgy site or anything by the way!!) For ease, I though I would just reproduce the method here, I’m sure many of you have heard it before but it really is a fool proof method!Boil a saucepan full of water, then take it down to a simmer so the water is not jumping all over the place.Crack an egg into a deep plastic ladle (doesn’t have to be plastic) you can do this by balancing it up against the side of your sink.Then, when the water is still (you don’t even need to have your hob on if you’ve just boiled the water in a kettle), just gently lower the egg into the water.When the egg has been in there for a minute or so, gently tip the egg out of the ladle towards the side of the pan, and move onto your next egg if you so desire.Aim for around 4 minutes. Give it a poke as you go along to see how the little fellas doing, and if he’s getting harder…Once satisfied, get a spoon with holes in to drain (no idea what technical term is for that) and pop onto some kitchen roll or something absorbent.AND YOUR DONE! No need for vinegar or messy cling film which is a really annoying approach I find.This approach negates the need for cling film, vinegar or any other snazzy apparatus! Just a simple ladle is all that is needed. Hope this helps! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('calculate')|","bmi"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Body Mass Index (BMI) is a measure that uses an individuals weight and height to estimate body fat and assess whether their weight is within a healthy range. To calculate BMI, follow these steps: Step 1: Measure your weight in kilograms (kg) or pounds (lbs). Step 2: Measure your height in meters (m) or feet (ft) and inches (in). If using the metric system (kg and meters):Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)If using the imperial system (lbs and ft/in):Convert your weight in pounds to kilograms by dividing it by 2.205 (1 kg = 2.205 lContinue ReadingBody Mass Index (BMI) is a measure that uses an individuals weight and height to estimate body fat and assess whether their weight is within a healthy range. To calculate BMI, follow these steps: Step 1: Measure your weight in kilograms (kg) or pounds (lbs). Step 2: Measure your height in meters (m) or feet (ft) and inches (in). If using the metric system (kg and meters):Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)If using the imperial system (lbs and ft/in):Convert your weight in pounds to kilograms by dividing it by 2.205 (1 kg = 2.205 lbs).Convert your height to inches. Multiply the number of feet by 12 and add the remaining inches.Convert your height in inches to meters by dividing by 39.37 (1 inch = 0.0254 meters).Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)Once you have calculated your BMI, you can interpret the results based on the following ranges:Underweight: BMI less than 18.5Normal weight: BMI 18.5 to 24.9Overweight: BMI 25 to 29.9Obesity (Class 1): BMI 30 to 34.9Obesity (Class 2): BMI 35 to 39.9Extreme Obesity (Class 3): BMI 40 or higherIts essential to note that while BMI can be a useful screening tool, it does not directly measure body fat or account for factors such as muscle mass or distribution of weight. Therefore, it may not be accurate for certain individuals, such as athletes or those with a higher percentage of muscle mass. For a more comprehensive assessment of health, its best to consult with a healthcare professional or a registered dietitian.","ody Mass Index (BMI) is a measure that uses an individuals weight and height to estimate body fat and assess whether their weight is within a healthy range. To calculate BMI, follow these steps: Step 1: Measure your weight in kilograms (kg) or pounds (lbs). Step 2: Measure your height in meters (m) or feet (ft) and inches (in). If using the metric system (kg and meters):Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)If using the imperial system (lbs and ft/in):Convert your weight in pounds to kilograms by dividing it by 2.205 (1 kg = 2.205 lContinue ReadingBody Mass Index (BMI) is a measure that uses an individuals weight and height to estimate body fat and assess whether their weight is within a healthy range. To calculate BMI, follow these steps: Step 1: Measure your weight in kilograms (kg) or pounds (lbs). Step 2: Measure your height in meters (m) or feet (ft) and inches (in). If using the metric system (kg and meters):Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)If using the imperial system (lbs and ft/in):Convert your weight in pounds to kilograms by dividing it by 2.205 (1 kg = 2.205 lbs).Convert your height to inches. Multiply the number of feet by 12 and add the remaining inches.Convert your height in inches to meters by dividing by 39.37 (1 inch = 0.0254 meters).Divide your weight in kilograms by your height in meters squared. BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2)Once you have calculated your BMI, you can interpret the results based on the following ranges:Underweight: BMI less than 18.5Normal weight: BMI 18.5 to 24.9Overweight: BMI 25 to 29.9Obesity (Class 1): BMI 30 to 34.9Obesity (Class 2): BMI 35 to 39.9Extreme Obesity (Class 3): BMI 40 or higherIts essential to note that while BMI can be a useful screening tool, it does not directly measure body fat or account for factors such as muscle mass or distribution of weight. Therefore, it may not be accurate for certain individuals, such as athletes or those with a higher percentage of muscle mass. For a more comprehensive assessment of health, its best to consult with a healthcare professional or a registered dietitian. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To calculate BMI (Body Mass Index), follow these steps: 1. Measure your weight in kilograms (kg). 2. Measure your height in meters (m). Once you have the weight and height measurements: 3. Square your height by multiplying it by itself (Height^2). 4. Divide your weight (in kg) by the squared height (in m^2). The formula for calculating BMI is: BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2) For example, if your weight is 70 kg and your height is 1.75 meters: BMI = 70 kg / (1.75 m)^2 Now, calculate the squared height: BMI = 70 kg / 3.06 m^2 Finally, divide the weight by the squared height: BMI ≈ 22.88 In this example, thContinue ReadingTo calculate BMI (Body Mass Index), follow these steps: 1. Measure your weight in kilograms (kg). 2. Measure your height in meters (m). Once you have the weight and height measurements: 3. Square your height by multiplying it by itself (Height^2). 4. Divide your weight (in kg) by the squared height (in m^2). The formula for calculating BMI is: BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2) For example, if your weight is 70 kg and your height is 1.75 meters: BMI = 70 kg / (1.75 m)^2 Now, calculate the squared height: BMI = 70 kg / 3.06 m^2 Finally, divide the weight by the squared height: BMI ≈ 22.88 In this example, the BMI is approximately 22.88. The interpretation of the BMI value depends on the following general categories: - Underweight: BMI less than 18.5 - Normal weight: BMI from 18.5 to 24.9 - Overweight: BMI from 25 to 29.9 - Obesity: BMI of 30 or higher Keep in mind that while BMI is a useful screening tool for evaluating body weight, it does not account for factors such as muscle mass or distribution of fat. For a more comprehensive assessment of health, its best to consult a healthcare professional.","o calculate BMI (Body Mass Index), follow these steps: 1. Measure your weight in kilograms (kg). 2. Measure your height in meters (m). Once you have the weight and height measurements: 3. Square your height by multiplying it by itself (Height^2). 4. Divide your weight (in kg) by the squared height (in m^2). The formula for calculating BMI is: BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2) For example, if your weight is 70 kg and your height is 1.75 meters: BMI = 70 kg / (1.75 m)^2 Now, calculate the squared height: BMI = 70 kg / 3.06 m^2 Finally, divide the weight by the squared height: BMI ≈ 22.88 In this example, thContinue ReadingTo calculate BMI (Body Mass Index), follow these steps: 1. Measure your weight in kilograms (kg). 2. Measure your height in meters (m). Once you have the weight and height measurements: 3. Square your height by multiplying it by itself (Height^2). 4. Divide your weight (in kg) by the squared height (in m^2). The formula for calculating BMI is: BMI = weight (kg) / height^2 (m^2) For example, if your weight is 70 kg and your height is 1.75 meters: BMI = 70 kg / (1.75 m)^2 Now, calculate the squared height: BMI = 70 kg / 3.06 m^2 Finally, divide the weight by the squared height: BMI ≈ 22.88 In this example, the BMI is approximately 22.88. The interpretation of the BMI value depends on the following general categories: - Underweight: BMI less than 18.5 - Normal weight: BMI from 18.5 to 24.9 - Overweight: BMI from 25 to 29.9 - Obesity: BMI of 30 or higher Keep in mind that while BMI is a useful screening tool for evaluating body weight, it does not account for factors such as muscle mass or distribution of fat. For a more comprehensive assessment of health, its best to consult a healthcare professional. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","music"}, nil, {0.25,0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are lots of places you can download songs, such as Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Music. But no doubt, you need to pay for the service, and once you are out of the subscription, you cant enjoy songs you downloaded anymore. So, using a unique tool may be a good choice for you. I want to share the AudiCable Audio Recorder with you. Just need a few steps, you can download songs from various music platforms. 1. Launch the AudiCable Audio Recorder on your PC 2. Click the Setting icon on the upper right corner to set the output format, output quality, and output path.3. Among the mainContinue ReadingThere are lots of places you can download songs, such as Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Music. But no doubt, you need to pay for the service, and once you are out of the subscription, you cant enjoy songs you downloaded anymore. So, using a unique tool may be a good choice for you. I want to share the AudiCable Audio Recorder with you. Just need a few steps, you can download songs from various music platforms. 1. Launch the AudiCable Audio Recorder on your PC 2. Click the Setting icon on the upper right corner to set the output format, output quality, and output path.3. Among the main interface of AudiCable Recorder, Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, Line Music, Deezer, Tidal, YouTube Music, Pandora are available. And you can click Add Other Source if needed. Open your desired music platform and sign in with your account.4. Login with your music account. Then browse for a favorite song or start playing the first song of a music playlist. AudiCable will start recording music automatically. Keep a stable network connection and tap Stop anytime you want to cancel. Or stop playing the song to end the recording process.5. After all songs are recorded, you can click the file icon behind any recorded song to open the output folder. Now, you can export the converted music to any device or disk.After all steps are finished, you can enjoy your love songs anywhere and anytime.","here are lots of places you can download songs, such as Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Music. But no doubt, you need to pay for the service, and once you are out of the subscription, you cant enjoy songs you downloaded anymore. So, using a unique tool may be a good choice for you. I want to share the AudiCable Audio Recorder with you. Just need a few steps, you can download songs from various music platforms. 1. Launch the AudiCable Audio Recorder on your PC 2. Click the Setting icon on the upper right corner to set the output format, output quality, and output path.3. Among the mainContinue ReadingThere are lots of places you can download songs, such as Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Music. But no doubt, you need to pay for the service, and once you are out of the subscription, you cant enjoy songs you downloaded anymore. So, using a unique tool may be a good choice for you. I want to share the AudiCable Audio Recorder with you. Just need a few steps, you can download songs from various music platforms. 1. Launch the AudiCable Audio Recorder on your PC 2. Click the Setting icon on the upper right corner to set the output format, output quality, and output path.3. Among the main interface of AudiCable Recorder, Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, Line Music, Deezer, Tidal, YouTube Music, Pandora are available. And you can click Add Other Source if needed. Open your desired music platform and sign in with your account.4. Login with your music account. Then browse for a favorite song or start playing the first song of a music playlist. AudiCable will start recording music automatically. Keep a stable network connection and tap Stop anytime you want to cancel. Or stop playing the song to end the recording process.5. After all songs are recorded, you can click the file icon behind any recorded song to open the output folder. Now, you can export the converted music to any device or disk.After all steps are finished, you can enjoy your love songs anywhere and anytime. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Maybe you need a all-in-one audio streaming downloader. l recommend you download AudiCable Audio Recorder. The tool helps you download music from Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, Tidal, Line Music, Deezer, YouTube Music, Pandora, SoundCloud and other music sources with lossless audio quality. And the fun fact is that you even don’t need to download any streaming music apps.","aybe you need a all-in-one audio streaming downloader. l recommend you download AudiCable Audio Recorder. The tool helps you download music from Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, Tidal, Line Music, Deezer, YouTube Music, Pandora, SoundCloud and other music sources with lossless audio quality. And the fun fact is that you even don’t need to download any streaming music apps. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I find a useful software to download music for free, TunesKit Audio Capture. I often use it to download the music from Spotify or other music platforms so that I can listen to them without network. Although in terms of downloading efficiency, it is a little long, its comprehensive recording feature is more attractive for me. Overall, it is a good and useful tool."," find a useful software to download music for free, TunesKit Audio Capture. I often use it to download the music from Spotify or other music platforms so that I can listen to them without network. Although in terms of downloading efficiency, it is a little long, its comprehensive recording feature is more attractive for me. Overall, it is a good and useful tool. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It is a good question. You can find many sources around the Internet most popular are - Youtube and Soundcloud, in addition, you can find license-free music on Facebook. And please be careful about torrent - you can download any malware form this resource.","t is a good question. You can find many sources around the Internet most popular are - Youtube and Soundcloud, in addition, you can find license-free music on Facebook. And please be careful about torrent - you can download any malware form this resource. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Mymp3download.com is also one the good sites where you can download music. you can go for conversion of youtube video into mp3 music for any song you want.","ymp3download.com is also one the good sites where you can download music. you can go for conversion of youtube video into mp3 music for any song you want. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","music"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Heres a partial definition that works for me: a piece of music is a sequence of sounds that establish a pattern and then create tension within that pattern.  By pattern I mean something predictable. Its that feeling you get when you listen and know what note is coming next, whether the pitch is heading up or down, how the rhythm is going to play out, etc. You may be wind up being wrong, but it Continue ReadingHeres a partial definition that works for me: a piece of music is a sequence of sounds that establish a pattern and then create tension within that pattern.  By pattern I mean something predictable. Its that feeling you get when you listen and know what note is coming next, whether the pitch is heading up or down, how the rhythm is going to play out, etc. You may be wind up being wrong, but it counts as a pattern if it causes you to make predictions. (A sound sequence is noise when you cant make any predictions about it at all.) The tension can take various forms: breaking the pattern and returning to it, straining the pattern, refusing to complete the pattern, delaying resolution of the pattern, and/or finding ways to generate surprise within the pattern--ways that, in retrospect, are clearly part of the pattern but which, at in the moment theyre played, seem to violate it or move it in a surprising direction.  Some people add intent to the definition. Its not part of mine, but I understand the distinction. If intent matters to you, accidental patterns dont count as music. If your dog happens to bark in a way that pleases you, it doesnt count. To be music, the sound-sequence has to be patterned and created by a human (or group of humans) with the conscious intention of using pattern and tension to stimulate listeners.  That definition gets further specified by cultural fashions. Some people will claim that a specific sound sequence, while evoking a pattern, isnt music. An example might be someone rhythmically pounding a nail, even if the performer is intentionally trying to create a stimulating pattern. The only reason its not music is because the specific listener has been raised to not think of it as such. If he was raise...","eres a partial definition that works for me: a piece of music is a sequence of sounds that establish a pattern and then create tension within that pattern.  By pattern I mean something predictable. Its that feeling you get when you listen and know what note is coming next, whether the pitch is heading up or down, how the rhythm is going to play out, etc. You may be wind up being wrong, but it Continue ReadingHeres a partial definition that works for me: a piece of music is a sequence of sounds that establish a pattern and then create tension within that pattern.  By pattern I mean something predictable. Its that feeling you get when you listen and know what note is coming next, whether the pitch is heading up or down, how the rhythm is going to play out, etc. You may be wind up being wrong, but it counts as a pattern if it causes you to make predictions. (A sound sequence is noise when you cant make any predictions about it at all.) The tension can take various forms: breaking the pattern and returning to it, straining the pattern, refusing to complete the pattern, delaying resolution of the pattern, and/or finding ways to generate surprise within the pattern--ways that, in retrospect, are clearly part of the pattern but which, at in the moment theyre played, seem to violate it or move it in a surprising direction.  Some people add intent to the definition. Its not part of mine, but I understand the distinction. If intent matters to you, accidental patterns dont count as music. If your dog happens to bark in a way that pleases you, it doesnt count. To be music, the sound-sequence has to be patterned and created by a human (or group of humans) with the conscious intention of using pattern and tension to stimulate listeners.  That definition gets further specified by cultural fashions. Some people will claim that a specific sound sequence, while evoking a pattern, isnt music. An example might be someone rhythmically pounding a nail, even if the performer is intentionally trying to create a stimulating pattern. The only reason its not music is because the specific listener has been raised to not think of it as such. If he was raise... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Music is beauty manifested through sound waves.","usic is beauty manifested through sound waves. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('mashed')|","potatoes"}, nil, {0,1}, nil, nil, nil,{"Boil a bunch of new potatoes, complete with skins, transfer in a little milk or cream, and mash away with salt and black pepper. Dont worry about it being smooth as long as its cooked through and has a nice taste to it, skin included. Smooth mash is lovely, but its not the only way.","oil a bunch of new potatoes, complete with skins, transfer in a little milk or cream, and mash away with salt and black pepper. Dont worry about it being smooth as long as its cooked through and has a nice taste to it, skin included. Smooth mash is lovely, but its not the only way. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","movie"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Where download full movie","Where download full movie |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","ok if you really want a true website where you can watch and download movies and tv series for free then i know a way. google this site- internetinhindi now open the very first site from the google search results with .in extension of now search for netflix in that post you find 2 websites on which you can watch free movies without ads in any Quality. 360p or 1080p absolutly free. try this thank me later. enjoy (i cant share the movie site url here because of quora policy)Continue Readingok if you really want a true website where you can watch and download movies and tv series for free then i know a way. google this site- internetinhindi now open the very first site from the google search results with .in extension of now search for netflix in that post you find 2 websites on which you can watch free movies without ads in any Quality. 360p or 1080p absolutly free. try this thank me later. enjoy (i cant share the movie site url here because of quora policy)","ok if you really want a true website where you can watch and download movies and tv series for free then i know a way. google this site- internetinhindi now open the very first site from the google search results with .in extension of now search for netflix in that post you find 2 websites on which you can watch free movies without ads in any Quality. 360p or 1080p absolutly free. try this thank me later. enjoy (i cant share the movie site url here because of quora policy)Continue Readingok if you really want a true website where you can watch and download movies and tv series for free then i know a way. google this site- internetinhindi now open the very first site from the google search results with .in extension of now search for netflix in that post you find 2 websites on which you can watch free movies without ads in any Quality. 360p or 1080p absolutly free. try this thank me later. enjoy (i cant share the movie site url here because of quora policy) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can check on Telegram app for links because there usually are links for downloading content in high quality. There are also links available to stream movies online if you don’t want to download and of course if you have subscriptions to OTT platforms you can easily watch movies on there.","ou can check on Telegram app for links because there usually are links for downloading content in high quality. There are also links available to stream movies online if you don’t want to download and of course if you have subscriptions to OTT platforms you can easily watch movies on there. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","hiccups"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"A vocal hiccup is a singing technique used by Buddy Holly and Michael Jackson, which sounds a little like gulping for air or gasping. So the answer to this question could be just stop listening to Thriller. If you are referring to those involuntary contractions of your diaphragm, the muscular structure below your lungs that help you breathe, then the answer is a bit more complicated. There aren’t scientific proven ways to stop hiccups because such studies are a bit hard to do. Typically, you can never expect hiccups to occur. You don’t say, “next Thursday at 3 pm Eastern Time, I will begin hicContinue ReadingA vocal hiccup is a singing technique used by Buddy Holly and Michael Jackson, which sounds a little like gulping for air or gasping. So the answer to this question could be just stop listening to Thriller. If you are referring to those involuntary contractions of your diaphragm, the muscular structure below your lungs that help you breathe, then the answer is a bit more complicated. There aren’t scientific proven ways to stop hiccups because such studies are a bit hard to do. Typically, you can never expect hiccups to occur. You don’t say, “next Thursday at 3 pm Eastern Time, I will begin hiccuping uncontrollably.” Therefore, it is a bit difficult to run scientific experiments, unless you constantly live in a laboratory. Nonetheless, anecdotal evidence suggests the following possible remedies:Altering your breathing cycle, which may calm your diaphragm down. Possibilities include breathing into a paper bag, pulling your knees to your chest and leaning forward, drinking water from the opposite side of a glass while bending over, or holding your breath. If you do hold your breath, make sure that you don’t do this indefinitely.Gargling with ice water or sipping cold water. If you do gargle, make sure that you don’t have so much ice in your mouth that you start spreading it around the room like a geyser.Pulling on your tongue. But don’t pull so hard that your tongue comes out, which will lead to bigger problems.Rubbing the back of your neck. It’s unclear whether adding the words, “there, there,” makes a difference.Getting scared. A sudden scare may help, such as someone suddenly jumping in front of you or being told that there is a sequel to the 2016 movie Dirty Grandpa.Laughing spontaneously. They say laughter is the best medicine. Maybe someone else hiccuping can get you laughing."," vocal hiccup is a singing technique used by Buddy Holly and Michael Jackson, which sounds a little like gulping for air or gasping. So the answer to this question could be just stop listening to Thriller. If you are referring to those involuntary contractions of your diaphragm, the muscular structure below your lungs that help you breathe, then the answer is a bit more complicated. There aren’t scientific proven ways to stop hiccups because such studies are a bit hard to do. Typically, you can never expect hiccups to occur. You don’t say, “next Thursday at 3 pm Eastern Time, I will begin hicContinue ReadingA vocal hiccup is a singing technique used by Buddy Holly and Michael Jackson, which sounds a little like gulping for air or gasping. So the answer to this question could be just stop listening to Thriller. If you are referring to those involuntary contractions of your diaphragm, the muscular structure below your lungs that help you breathe, then the answer is a bit more complicated. There aren’t scientific proven ways to stop hiccups because such studies are a bit hard to do. Typically, you can never expect hiccups to occur. You don’t say, “next Thursday at 3 pm Eastern Time, I will begin hiccuping uncontrollably.” Therefore, it is a bit difficult to run scientific experiments, unless you constantly live in a laboratory. Nonetheless, anecdotal evidence suggests the following possible remedies:Altering your breathing cycle, which may calm your diaphragm down. Possibilities include breathing into a paper bag, pulling your knees to your chest and leaning forward, drinking water from the opposite side of a glass while bending over, or holding your breath. If you do hold your breath, make sure that you don’t do this indefinitely.Gargling with ice water or sipping cold water. If you do gargle, make sure that you don’t have so much ice in your mouth that you start spreading it around the room like a geyser.Pulling on your tongue. But don’t pull so hard that your tongue comes out, which will lead to bigger problems.Rubbing the back of your neck. It’s unclear whether adding the words, “there, there,” makes a difference.Getting scared. A sudden scare may help, such as someone suddenly jumping in front of you or being told that there is a sequel to the 2016 movie Dirty Grandpa.Laughing spontaneously. They say laughter is the best medicine. Maybe someone else hiccuping can get you laughing. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Our grand mother 👩 says, clip your nose for 5 seconds, eat jaggery and unclipped your nose after 15 seconds…","Our grand mother 👩 says, clip your nose for 5 seconds, eat jaggery and unclipped your nose after 15 seconds… |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hv a elaichi And dnt eat spices","Hv a elaichi And dnt eat spices |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","hiccups"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Hiccoughs are spasms of the diaphragm, the muscle that separates the chest and abdominal cavities. These spasms result in involuntary inhalation which is stopped suddenly by the closure of the glottis.  The glottis is the opening at the upper part of the layrnx between the vocal cords. The epiglottis is a flap which covers the glottal opening during swallowing to prevent the aspiration of food and fluid into the lungs. The airway that leads to the lungs and contains the larynx at its upper end, lies in front of the esophagus, or food pipe. Hiccoughs can be causes by ingesting a lot of air, consuContinue ReadingHiccoughs are spasms of the diaphragm, the muscle that separates the chest and abdominal cavities. These spasms result in involuntary inhalation which is stopped suddenly by the closure of the glottis.  The glottis is the opening at the upper part of the layrnx between the vocal cords. The epiglottis is a flap which covers the glottal opening during swallowing to prevent the aspiration of food and fluid into the lungs. The airway that leads to the lungs and contains the larynx at its upper end, lies in front of the esophagus, or food pipe. Hiccoughs can be causes by ingesting a lot of air, consuming carbonated beverages or alcohol, stress, and sudden temperature change. There are a number of less benign causes of hiccoughs, and any recurrent or long term hiccoughs should be reported to your physician for investigation.","iccoughs are spasms of the diaphragm, the muscle that separates the chest and abdominal cavities. These spasms result in involuntary inhalation which is stopped suddenly by the closure of the glottis.  The glottis is the opening at the upper part of the layrnx between the vocal cords. The epiglottis is a flap which covers the glottal opening during swallowing to prevent the aspiration of food and fluid into the lungs. The airway that leads to the lungs and contains the larynx at its upper end, lies in front of the esophagus, or food pipe. Hiccoughs can be causes by ingesting a lot of air, consuContinue ReadingHiccoughs are spasms of the diaphragm, the muscle that separates the chest and abdominal cavities. These spasms result in involuntary inhalation which is stopped suddenly by the closure of the glottis.  The glottis is the opening at the upper part of the layrnx between the vocal cords. The epiglottis is a flap which covers the glottal opening during swallowing to prevent the aspiration of food and fluid into the lungs. The airway that leads to the lungs and contains the larynx at its upper end, lies in front of the esophagus, or food pipe. Hiccoughs can be causes by ingesting a lot of air, consuming carbonated beverages or alcohol, stress, and sudden temperature change. There are a number of less benign causes of hiccoughs, and any recurrent or long term hiccoughs should be reported to your physician for investigation. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","An enduring tricky biology question, the actual hiccup is a strong contraction of the diaphragm - the organ responsible for our breathing. Just after the contraction we start to inhale which causes the glottis (a partioning wall between the windpipe and oesophagus) closes the windpipe, causing the hic sound. But what sets them off? There are actually over 100 physiological causes for a hiccup! The most common reasons are:Acid refluxIrritation of the thoraxIrritation of the phrenic nerve (the nerve that controls the diaphragm)","An enduring tricky biology question, the actual hiccup is a strong contraction of the diaphragm - the organ responsible for our breathing. Just after the contraction we start to inhale which causes the glottis (a partioning wall between the windpipe and oesophagus) closes the windpipe, causing the hic sound. But what sets them off? There are actually over 100 physiological causes for a hiccup! The most common reasons are:Acid refluxIrritation of the thoraxIrritation of the phrenic nerve (the nerve that controls the diaphragm) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Normally, thе diaphragm, a dоmе-ѕhареd muscle bеtwееn уоur lungѕ аnd stomach, рullѕ down whеn уоu іnhаlе tо lеt аіr into уоur lungs, аnd thеn relaxes whеn уоu еxhаlе so аіr саn flow back оut of your lungs tо exit уоur nоѕе аnd mоuth. But іf something іrrіtаtеѕ уоur diaphragm, it can ѕраѕm, fоrсіng you to ѕuddеnlу suck air into your thrоаt, where іt hіtѕ уоur vоісе box. That mаkеѕ your vосаl соrdѕ ѕuddеnlу сlоѕе, сrеаtіng thе dіѕtіnсt “hіс!” sound. COMMON CAUSES Hiccups саn have causes thаt arent due tо undеrlуіng disease. Examples іnсludе drinking tоо fаѕt, еаtіng tоо fast, carbonated beverages,Continue ReadingNormally, thе diaphragm, a dоmе-ѕhареd muscle bеtwееn уоur lungѕ аnd stomach, рullѕ down whеn уоu іnhаlе tо lеt аіr into уоur lungs, аnd thеn relaxes whеn уоu еxhаlе so аіr саn flow back оut of your lungs tо exit уоur nоѕе аnd mоuth. But іf something іrrіtаtеѕ уоur diaphragm, it can ѕраѕm, fоrсіng you to ѕuddеnlу suck air into your thrоаt, where іt hіtѕ уоur vоісе box. That mаkеѕ your vосаl соrdѕ ѕuddеnlу сlоѕе, сrеаtіng thе dіѕtіnсt “hіс!” sound. COMMON CAUSES Hiccups саn have causes thаt arent due tо undеrlуіng disease. Examples іnсludе drinking tоо fаѕt, еаtіng tоо fast, carbonated beverages, alcohol, ѕmоkіng or chewing gum.","ormally, thе diaphragm, a dоmе-ѕhареd muscle bеtwееn уоur lungѕ аnd stomach, рullѕ down whеn уоu іnhаlе tо lеt аіr into уоur lungs, аnd thеn relaxes whеn уоu еxhаlе so аіr саn flow back оut of your lungs tо exit уоur nоѕе аnd mоuth. But іf something іrrіtаtеѕ уоur diaphragm, it can ѕраѕm, fоrсіng you to ѕuddеnlу suck air into your thrоаt, where іt hіtѕ уоur vоісе box. That mаkеѕ your vосаl соrdѕ ѕuddеnlу сlоѕе, сrеаtіng thе dіѕtіnсt “hіс!” sound. COMMON CAUSES Hiccups саn have causes thаt arent due tо undеrlуіng disease. Examples іnсludе drinking tоо fаѕt, еаtіng tоо fast, carbonated beverages,Continue ReadingNormally, thе diaphragm, a dоmе-ѕhареd muscle bеtwееn уоur lungѕ аnd stomach, рullѕ down whеn уоu іnhаlе tо lеt аіr into уоur lungs, аnd thеn relaxes whеn уоu еxhаlе so аіr саn flow back оut of your lungs tо exit уоur nоѕе аnd mоuth. But іf something іrrіtаtеѕ уоur diaphragm, it can ѕраѕm, fоrсіng you to ѕuddеnlу suck air into your thrоаt, where іt hіtѕ уоur vоісе box. That mаkеѕ your vосаl соrdѕ ѕuddеnlу сlоѕе, сrеаtіng thе dіѕtіnсt “hіс!” sound. COMMON CAUSES Hiccups саn have causes thаt arent due tо undеrlуіng disease. Examples іnсludе drinking tоо fаѕt, еаtіng tоо fast, carbonated beverages, alcohol, ѕmоkіng or chewing gum. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('we')|","|pal:NRT('have')|","hiccups"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Hiccups are involuntary contractions of the diaphragm — the muscle that separates your chest from your abdomen and plays an important role in breathing. Each contraction is followed by a sudden closure of your vocal cords, which produces the characteristic hic sound.Hiccups may result from a large meal, alcoholic or carbonated beverages or sudden excitement. In some cases, hiccups may be a sign of an underlying medical condition. For most people, a bout of hiccups usually lasts only a few minutes. Rarely, hiccups may persist for months. This can result in weight loss and exhaustion.","iccups are involuntary contractions of the diaphragm — the muscle that separates your chest from your abdomen and plays an important role in breathing. Each contraction is followed by a sudden closure of your vocal cords, which produces the characteristic hic sound.Hiccups may result from a large meal, alcoholic or carbonated beverages or sudden excitement. In some cases, hiccups may be a sign of an underlying medical condition. For most people, a bout of hiccups usually lasts only a few minutes. Rarely, hiccups may persist for months. This can result in weight loss and exhaustion. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hiccups can be caused byirritation of the nerves of diaphragm namely the phrenic nerve and the vagus nerve. Eg.: when stomach is filled with gas, injury of those nerves in surgeries.some issue in area of the brain controlling the diaphragm. Eg.: stroke, brain injuries.high emotional stress. Eg.: life endangering fear.Note: uncontrollable non-stop hiccups persisting for more than 2 days may be a precursor sign in some patients going to be affected by stroke if associated with numbness and co-ordination issues.","iccups can be caused byirritation of the nerves of diaphragm namely the phrenic nerve and the vagus nerve. Eg.: when stomach is filled with gas, injury of those nerves in surgeries.some issue in area of the brain controlling the diaphragm. Eg.: stroke, brain injuries.high emotional stress. Eg.: life endangering fear.Note: uncontrollable non-stop hiccups persisting for more than 2 days may be a precursor sign in some patients going to be affected by stroke if associated with numbness and co-ordination issues. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hiccups are caused by a spasm in the diaphragm. The diaphragm is a muscle that separates the chest cavity from the abdomen, and its used to inhale air into the lungs. Its not fully understood why hiccups happen, but they can be triggered by eating or drinking too quickly, sudden changes in temperature, smoking cigarettes, drinking alcohol, or even laughing really hard.","iccups are caused by a spasm in the diaphragm. The diaphragm is a muscle that separates the chest cavity from the abdomen, and its used to inhale air into the lungs. Its not fully understood why hiccups happen, but they can be triggered by eating or drinking too quickly, sudden changes in temperature, smoking cigarettes, drinking alcohol, or even laughing really hard. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('feet')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","yard"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"A measuring stick ordinarily gauges 36 inches, which is identical to 3 feet. In the US and a few different nations, a yard is a unit of length equivalent to 3 feet or 36 inches. Consequently, a measuring stick, as the name suggests, is a stick or ruler that is 1 yard long, making it identical to 3 feet."," measuring stick ordinarily gauges 36 inches, which is identical to 3 feet. In the US and a few different nations, a yard is a unit of length equivalent to 3 feet or 36 inches. Consequently, a measuring stick, as the name suggests, is a stick or ruler that is 1 yard long, making it identical to 3 feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A yardstick typically measures 36 inches, which is equivalent to 3 feet. In the United States and some other countries, a yard is a unit of length equal to 3 feet or 36 inches. Therefore, a yardstick, as the name implies, is a stick or ruler that is 1 yard long, making it equivalent to 3 feet."," yardstick typically measures 36 inches, which is equivalent to 3 feet. In the United States and some other countries, a yard is a unit of length equal to 3 feet or 36 inches. Therefore, a yardstick, as the name implies, is a stick or ruler that is 1 yard long, making it equivalent to 3 feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Usually three. The last “yard stick I bought was a meter stick. There were three feet in that too, plus a little bit extra. Yardstick has come to mean something independent of the three foot measure. The dictionary says it is a standard for comparison. As in, “the yardstick for new releases is the Beatles “Please, Please, Me”. I wonder if we ever really switch to metric if we’ll have to replace that meaning with meterstick.","sually three. The last “yard stick I bought was a meter stick. There were three feet in that too, plus a little bit extra. Yardstick has come to mean something independent of the three foot measure. The dictionary says it is a standard for comparison. As in, “the yardstick for new releases is the Beatles “Please, Please, Me”. I wonder if we ever really switch to metric if we’ll have to replace that meaning with meterstick. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('weeks')|","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","year"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"It depends whether the college/University is on a quarter or semester system.  In a quarter system, there are approximately 33 weeks of instruction, including exams, in a year.  In a semester system, there are approximately 28 to 30 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester breaks, in a year, depending on the University.  In high school, there would be approximately 26 to 28 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester and other breaks.","t depends whether the college/University is on a quarter or semester system.  In a quarter system, there are approximately 33 weeks of instruction, including exams, in a year.  In a semester system, there are approximately 28 to 30 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester breaks, in a year, depending on the University.  In high school, there would be approximately 26 to 28 weeks of instruction, including exams but not including mid-semester and other breaks. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Theres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separContinue ReadingTheres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separates into 36 weeks (180 partitioned by 5 - its 5, not 7, because were not including Saturday and Sunday as instructional time). These 36 weeks are separated into two semesters of 18 weeks each and regularly into four quarters (generally known as the initial 9 weeks, the second 9 weeks, and so on.) The ending of the preliminary 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the fall semester, while the end of the third 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the spring semester.  Midterm exams are given in secondary school, and the spring midterm ordinarily denotes the start of a week-long Spring Break. Its more common to have a short break after the fall midterm, yet this normally just 1-3 days long rather than a whole week. Schools begin in August or September and get out in May or June, offering students a late-spring reprieve that is about three months in length of time. In the West, 180 days of student contact time is genuinely typical. Numerous states like Washington measure the quantity of hours of seat time each year to fathom if a school area follows state laws and regulations. Less days every week, less cost to heat or cool school structures! You can read more about it Here.","heres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separContinue ReadingTheres no national standard; the states independently direct education.  Mostly it depends whether the school/University is on a quarter or semester timeframe. In a quarter timeframe, there are around 33 weeks of education in a year including exams. In a semester timeframe, there are around 28 to 30 weeks of University education, including exams but  excluding mid-semester breaks. In secondary school, there would be around 26 to 28 weeks of education, including exams, however excluding mid-semester and varied breaks.  The larger part of states require 180 days of instructional time, which separates into 36 weeks (180 partitioned by 5 - its 5, not 7, because were not including Saturday and Sunday as instructional time). These 36 weeks are separated into two semesters of 18 weeks each and regularly into four quarters (generally known as the initial 9 weeks, the second 9 weeks, and so on.) The ending of the preliminary 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the fall semester, while the end of the third 9 weeks denotes the midterm of the spring semester.  Midterm exams are given in secondary school, and the spring midterm ordinarily denotes the start of a week-long Spring Break. Its more common to have a short break after the fall midterm, yet this normally just 1-3 days long rather than a whole week. Schools begin in August or September and get out in May or June, offering students a late-spring reprieve that is about three months in length of time. In the West, 180 days of student contact time is genuinely typical. Numerous states like Washington measure the quantity of hours of seat time each year to fathom if a school area follows state laws and regulations. Less days every week, less cost to heat or cool school structures! You can read more about it Here. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Assuming you are asking about elementary and secondary schools, the most common length of an academic year is 36 weeks. This is why teachers record books typically provide for four 9-week grading periods or six 6-week grading periods. If you are asking about colleges, that will vary greatly since total class hours per subject are generally the issue and colleges may mix and match hours per week depending upon their length of term. Many colleges once had similar school year lengths to those mentioned above; but in recent years, semesters of 14 to 15 weeks are not uncommon.","ssuming you are asking about elementary and secondary schools, the most common length of an academic year is 36 weeks. This is why teachers record books typically provide for four 9-week grading periods or six 6-week grading periods. If you are asking about colleges, that will vary greatly since total class hours per subject are generally the issue and colleges may mix and match hours per week depending upon their length of term. Many colleges once had similar school year lengths to those mentioned above; but in recent years, semesters of 14 to 15 weeks are not uncommon. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In the US, the school year is typically divided into two semesters, each consisting of approximately 18-19 weeks. Thus, the typical school year is around 36-40 weeks depending on the school district and state. ","In the US, the school year is typically divided into two semesters, each consisting of approximately 18-19 weeks. Thus, the typical school year is around 36-40 weeks depending on the school district and state.  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are usually about 40 weeks of school per year. In California, this comes to roughly 180 days of instruction, 20 per semester, with 3 weeks of winter break, 1 week of spring break, plus national holidays Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving (the whole week on LAUSD), Martin Luther Kings birthday, Memorial Day, and in California, Admission Day in September, Cesar Chavezs birthday April 1, and , in LAUSD, the Jewish High Holy Days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur if they fall on weekdays(only because its too difficult tg to find enough substitute teachers).","here are usually about 40 weeks of school per year. In California, this comes to roughly 180 days of instruction, 20 per semester, with 3 weeks of winter break, 1 week of spring break, plus national holidays Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving (the whole week on LAUSD), Martin Luther Kings birthday, Memorial Day, and in California, Admission Day in September, Cesar Chavezs birthday April 1, and , in LAUSD, the Jewish High Holy Days of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur if they fall on weekdays(only because its too difficult tg to find enough substitute teachers). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('jump')|","car"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"Theres a few methods: Move back a few meters to get a running start, when you get close, lower your center of gravity, then use your legs to propel you up and over the car. Build a ramp and drive the car at it with some speed and hang on, the landing could be a bit rough. But I think the method your looking for is: Both cars comletey off. Jump battery positive to dead battery positive, Jump battery negative to chassis of dead car. Start jump car. Start dead car. Leave connected for a few minutes. Disconnect in this order with engines running: Chassis, jump negative, dead positive, jump positive. Drive botContinue ReadingTheres a few methods: Move back a few meters to get a running start, when you get close, lower your center of gravity, then use your legs to propel you up and over the car. Build a ramp and drive the car at it with some speed and hang on, the landing could be a bit rough. But I think the method your looking for is: Both cars comletey off. Jump battery positive to dead battery positive, Jump battery negative to chassis of dead car. Start jump car. Start dead car. Leave connected for a few minutes. Disconnect in this order with engines running: Chassis, jump negative, dead positive, jump positive. Drive both cars for approx 10mins to allow alternator to build charge back up in both batteries.","heres a few methods: Move back a few meters to get a running start, when you get close, lower your center of gravity, then use your legs to propel you up and over the car. Build a ramp and drive the car at it with some speed and hang on, the landing could be a bit rough. But I think the method your looking for is: Both cars comletey off. Jump battery positive to dead battery positive, Jump battery negative to chassis of dead car. Start jump car. Start dead car. Leave connected for a few minutes. Disconnect in this order with engines running: Chassis, jump negative, dead positive, jump positive. Drive botContinue ReadingTheres a few methods: Move back a few meters to get a running start, when you get close, lower your center of gravity, then use your legs to propel you up and over the car. Build a ramp and drive the car at it with some speed and hang on, the landing could be a bit rough. But I think the method your looking for is: Both cars comletey off. Jump battery positive to dead battery positive, Jump battery negative to chassis of dead car. Start jump car. Start dead car. Leave connected for a few minutes. Disconnect in this order with engines running: Chassis, jump negative, dead positive, jump positive. Drive both cars for approx 10mins to allow alternator to build charge back up in both batteries. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('otp')|","mean"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"It’s rather sweet really. It means One True Pair or One True Pairing. It’s an acronym used with couples and pairs. You would often see the acronym used with a heart. Snapchatters use OTP when they pair people and make couples that they reckon are perfect for each other. Aah!","It’s rather sweet really. It means One True Pair or One True Pairing. It’s an acronym used with couples and pairs. You would often see the acronym used with a heart. Snapchatters use OTP when they pair people and make couples that they reckon are perfect for each other. Aah! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It is usually used to describe One True Pairing . Usually in fan fiction to describe a relationship that they want to happen or could be a good match .","t is usually used to describe One True Pairing . Usually in fan fiction to describe a relationship that they want to happen or could be a good match . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I pulled this right from Snapchat’s website :)Continue ReadingI pulled this right from Snapchat’s website :)","I pulled this right from Snapchat’s website :)Continue ReadingI pulled this right from Snapchat’s website :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Etcetera (Latin for and so on) (often written etc.) is the most common definition for ETC on Snapchat, WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.","tcetera (Latin for and so on) (often written etc.) is the most common definition for ETC on Snapchat, WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('pick')|","lock"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"According to movies, this is how.Find any lock. Doesn’t matter which type, as long as its a lock.Get two thin sticks of any type.Insert sticks into keyhole.Wiggle the sticks around for approximately 2 seconds.PRESTO! The lock falls off/opens and you are free to steal or trespass as much as you like.In video games, you only need one stick :)!Continue ReadingAccording to movies, this is how.Find any lock. Doesn’t matter which type, as long as its a lock.Get two thin sticks of any type.Insert sticks into keyhole.Wiggle the sticks around for approximately 2 seconds.PRESTO! The lock falls off/opens and you are free to steal or trespass as much as you like.In video games, you only need one stick :)!","According to movies, this is how.Find any lock. Doesn’t matter which type, as long as its a lock.Get two thin sticks of any type.Insert sticks into keyhole.Wiggle the sticks around for approximately 2 seconds.PRESTO! The lock falls off/opens and you are free to steal or trespass as much as you like.In video games, you only need one stick :)!Continue ReadingAccording to movies, this is how.Find any lock. Doesn’t matter which type, as long as its a lock.Get two thin sticks of any type.Insert sticks into keyhole.Wiggle the sticks around for approximately 2 seconds.PRESTO! The lock falls off/opens and you are free to steal or trespass as much as you like.In video games, you only need one stick :)! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Assuming it is a tumbler lock, relatively simply. You will need two things, a pick and something to turn the lock. The pick should be a straight bit of metal with a small hook at the end, and the turning device should be a small, flat piece of metal. First, insert the turning device and apply very small amounts of pressure. Then insert the pick and, starting from the back, push the pins up slowly until they fall in place (with practice you will be able to feel and, maybe, hear this). After all the pins are in the right position, simply turn the lock and it will open. This will require a lot ofContinue ReadingAssuming it is a tumbler lock, relatively simply. You will need two things, a pick and something to turn the lock. The pick should be a straight bit of metal with a small hook at the end, and the turning device should be a small, flat piece of metal. First, insert the turning device and apply very small amounts of pressure. Then insert the pick and, starting from the back, push the pins up slowly until they fall in place (with practice you will be able to feel and, maybe, hear this). After all the pins are in the right position, simply turn the lock and it will open. This will require a lot of practice. Please note laws in your area about possession and use of lock picks. I accept no liability if any harm or cost is to come from this information, all consequences are the responsibility of the party who uses this information.","ssuming it is a tumbler lock, relatively simply. You will need two things, a pick and something to turn the lock. The pick should be a straight bit of metal with a small hook at the end, and the turning device should be a small, flat piece of metal. First, insert the turning device and apply very small amounts of pressure. Then insert the pick and, starting from the back, push the pins up slowly until they fall in place (with practice you will be able to feel and, maybe, hear this). After all the pins are in the right position, simply turn the lock and it will open. This will require a lot ofContinue ReadingAssuming it is a tumbler lock, relatively simply. You will need two things, a pick and something to turn the lock. The pick should be a straight bit of metal with a small hook at the end, and the turning device should be a small, flat piece of metal. First, insert the turning device and apply very small amounts of pressure. Then insert the pick and, starting from the back, push the pins up slowly until they fall in place (with practice you will be able to feel and, maybe, hear this). After all the pins are in the right position, simply turn the lock and it will open. This will require a lot of practice. Please note laws in your area about possession and use of lock picks. I accept no liability if any harm or cost is to come from this information, all consequences are the responsibility of the party who uses this information. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I wouldnt bother. If I didnt want someone to know that I had been in a certain location, Id try to get a key and copy it. Or I would use guile or bribes (or both) to obtain the combination. If I didnt care if people knew that someone had entered without permission, Id break through a nearby wall or window, as they would likely be less well-protected. Or I would use a sledgehammer, halligan tool, axe or demolition bar to assault the door itself and bypass the lock."," wouldnt bother. If I didnt want someone to know that I had been in a certain location, Id try to get a key and copy it. Or I would use guile or bribes (or both) to obtain the combination. If I didnt care if people knew that someone had entered without permission, Id break through a nearby wall or window, as they would likely be less well-protected. Or I would use a sledgehammer, halligan tool, axe or demolition bar to assault the door itself and bypass the lock. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Most people have the wrong idea about picking locks. Most people think that it requires a lot of skill and training that it requires a cryptic tool like in the video games. Something like this:In truth, it’s easy and you need two things:Tension wrench. Something flat that can fit into the keyhole and strong enough to twist it with continuous pressure. This is the most important part. Twist the lock and keep twisting. That way, when one of the tumblers is set correctly it will move slightly and remain in place so you can set the others. A thin flathead screwdriver can work on some locks as can Continue ReadingMost people have the wrong idea about picking locks. Most people think that it requires a lot of skill and training that it requires a cryptic tool like in the video games. Something like this:In truth, it’s easy and you need two things:Tension wrench. Something flat that can fit into the keyhole and strong enough to twist it with continuous pressure. This is the most important part. Twist the lock and keep twisting. That way, when one of the tumblers is set correctly it will move slightly and remain in place so you can set the others. A thin flathead screwdriver can work on some locks as can a well-made knife. I highly recommend getting a lockpicking set if you are interested.Something to manipulate the the pins. This is what most people think of when they imagine lockpicking. It’s actually really simple and you can use many things. Paperclips are actually quite good for this if straightened and made into a wavy line (bare metal are better than plastic coated). Start at the front and work your way back, keeping constant twisting pressure on the lock. It depends on the lock but I think you’ll be amazed how easy it is.Note: I’m assuming that this is out of pure interest and not with criminal intent. If you are planning to break and enter there are a few things you should know. Not only is taking other peoples stuff monumentally selfish and uncool, but the process of picking locks leaves behind lots of traces that the police are well trained in finding. It will always be clear, upon investigation, if a lock has been picked, at least for most modern locks. Lastly, if you are an aspiring thief and your first step toward BnE was to ask how on Quora, I think you got into the wrong line of work…","Most people have the wrong idea about picking locks. Most people think that it requires a lot of skill and training that it requires a cryptic tool like in the video games. Something like this:In truth, it’s easy and you need two things:Tension wrench. Something flat that can fit into the keyhole and strong enough to twist it with continuous pressure. This is the most important part. Twist the lock and keep twisting. That way, when one of the tumblers is set correctly it will move slightly and remain in place so you can set the others. A thin flathead screwdriver can work on some locks as can Continue ReadingMost people have the wrong idea about picking locks. Most people think that it requires a lot of skill and training that it requires a cryptic tool like in the video games. Something like this:In truth, it’s easy and you need two things:Tension wrench. Something flat that can fit into the keyhole and strong enough to twist it with continuous pressure. This is the most important part. Twist the lock and keep twisting. That way, when one of the tumblers is set correctly it will move slightly and remain in place so you can set the others. A thin flathead screwdriver can work on some locks as can a well-made knife. I highly recommend getting a lockpicking set if you are interested.Something to manipulate the the pins. This is what most people think of when they imagine lockpicking. It’s actually really simple and you can use many things. Paperclips are actually quite good for this if straightened and made into a wavy line (bare metal are better than plastic coated). Start at the front and work your way back, keeping constant twisting pressure on the lock. It depends on the lock but I think you’ll be amazed how easy it is.Note: I’m assuming that this is out of pure interest and not with criminal intent. If you are planning to break and enter there are a few things you should know. Not only is taking other peoples stuff monumentally selfish and uncool, but the process of picking locks leaves behind lots of traces that the police are well trained in finding. It will always be clear, upon investigation, if a lock has been picked, at least for most modern locks. Lastly, if you are an aspiring thief and your first step toward BnE was to ask how on Quora, I think you got into the wrong line of work… |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('uber')|","work"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Uber is a transportation network company that operates through a mobile application. Heres a general overview of how Uber works:Downloading the App: Users interested in using Uber can download the Uber app from their smartphones app store. The app is available for both iOS and Android devices.Account Setup: After installing the app, users need to create an account by providing their personal information, including their name, phone number, email address, and payment details. Users can also add multiple payment methods to their accounts, such as credit cards or digital wallets.Requesting a RiContinue ReadingUber is a transportation network company that operates through a mobile application. Heres a general overview of how Uber works:Downloading the App: Users interested in using Uber can download the Uber app from their smartphones app store. The app is available for both iOS and Android devices.Account Setup: After installing the app, users need to create an account by providing their personal information, including their name, phone number, email address, and payment details. Users can also add multiple payment methods to their accounts, such as credit cards or digital wallets.Requesting a Ride: Once the account setup is complete, users can open the app and request a ride by specifying their current location and their desired destination. The app will display the available types of Uber services in the area, such as UberX (standard car), UberXL (larger car), UberBlack (luxury car), or UberPool (shared ride with other passengers).Driver Matching: After the ride request is submitted, the Uber app uses GPS technology to find the nearest available drivers. The app displays information about the driver, such as their name, profile picture, and vehicle details, along with an estimated time of arrival.Ride Confirmation: Once a driver accepts the ride request, the user receives a notification with the drivers details, including their name, license plate number, and vehicle type. The user can also track the drivers location on the apps map in real time.Ride Experience: Users can communicate with the driver through the apps messaging feature or by contacting them directly. The app provides an estimated time of arrival at the destination and calculates the fare based on distance traveled and duration.Payment: At the end of the trip, payment is automatically processed through the users chosen payment method, which eliminates the need for cash. Users can rate the driver and provide feedback on their experience, and drivers can also rate passengers.Safety and Support: Uber has implemented various safety features, such as driver background checks, insurance coverage, and a two-way rating system to ensure quality service. In case of any issues or concerns, users can contact Ubers support team through the app.Its important to note that Ubers specific features and functionalities may vary slightly depending on the country or city of operation, as well as the type of service chosen.","ber is a transportation network company that operates through a mobile application. Heres a general overview of how Uber works:Downloading the App: Users interested in using Uber can download the Uber app from their smartphones app store. The app is available for both iOS and Android devices.Account Setup: After installing the app, users need to create an account by providing their personal information, including their name, phone number, email address, and payment details. Users can also add multiple payment methods to their accounts, such as credit cards or digital wallets.Requesting a RiContinue ReadingUber is a transportation network company that operates through a mobile application. Heres a general overview of how Uber works:Downloading the App: Users interested in using Uber can download the Uber app from their smartphones app store. The app is available for both iOS and Android devices.Account Setup: After installing the app, users need to create an account by providing their personal information, including their name, phone number, email address, and payment details. Users can also add multiple payment methods to their accounts, such as credit cards or digital wallets.Requesting a Ride: Once the account setup is complete, users can open the app and request a ride by specifying their current location and their desired destination. The app will display the available types of Uber services in the area, such as UberX (standard car), UberXL (larger car), UberBlack (luxury car), or UberPool (shared ride with other passengers).Driver Matching: After the ride request is submitted, the Uber app uses GPS technology to find the nearest available drivers. The app displays information about the driver, such as their name, profile picture, and vehicle details, along with an estimated time of arrival.Ride Confirmation: Once a driver accepts the ride request, the user receives a notification with the drivers details, including their name, license plate number, and vehicle type. The user can also track the drivers location on the apps map in real time.Ride Experience: Users can communicate with the driver through the apps messaging feature or by contacting them directly. The app provides an estimated time of arrival at the destination and calculates the fare based on distance traveled and duration.Payment: At the end of the trip, payment is automatically processed through the users chosen payment method, which eliminates the need for cash. Users can rate the driver and provide feedback on their experience, and drivers can also rate passengers.Safety and Support: Uber has implemented various safety features, such as driver background checks, insurance coverage, and a two-way rating system to ensure quality service. In case of any issues or concerns, users can contact Ubers support team through the app.Its important to note that Ubers specific features and functionalities may vary slightly depending on the country or city of operation, as well as the type of service chosen. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","- Download the app. The Uber app is available for free from the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and the BlackBerry App World. Install the app to your device and then open it.-Sign in. Once you’ve downloaded the Uber app, you will need to sign in the first time that you run it. Log in with the username and password that you signed up with.- Choose your vehicle type. There are up to five types of vehicle services for Uber, depending on the city you are in. Use the slider at the bottom of the app to set your vehicle preference. The five types of services available are:·        Black CaContinue Reading- Download the app. The Uber app is available for free from the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and the BlackBerry App World. Install the app to your device and then open it.-Sign in. Once you’ve downloaded the Uber app, you will need to sign in the first time that you run it. Log in with the username and password that you signed up with.- Choose your vehicle type. There are up to five types of vehicle services for Uber, depending on the city you are in. Use the slider at the bottom of the app to set your vehicle preference. The five types of services available are:·        Black Car – This is Uber’s original service. Choosing Black Car will send a high-end sedan to your location, with seating for up to 4 people.·        Taxi – This calls a taxi that has an agreement with Uber. These taxis are much like any normal taxi, except that you can pay through the app.·        UberX – This sends an everyday car to your location with seating for up to four people. This is Uber’s budget option.·        SUV – This will send an SUV to your location with seating for up to 6 people. This is significantly more expensive than the Black Car service.·        LUX – This will send a high-end luxury car to your location with seating for up to four people. This is Uber’s most expensive service.- Mark your location. Once you’ve chosen your vehicle type, mark your position on the map with a pin. This pin represents where the driver will be expecting to pick you up. You can also manually type in the pickup location. Once your location is set, tap the “Set Pickup Location” button.·        You will need to confirm your selection on the screen that appears.·        You will be given the option to pay with any Uber credit that you may have on your account. This option is turned on by default.-  Wait for your ride. You will be given an estimation on how long your car will take to show up. If there was no car available, try again in a few minutes, as a driver may have dropped their passengers off and become available.·        The Uber app will provide you with the phone number of your driver. You can use this contact the driver if you have any special considerations.·        If you need to cancel your reservation, you will be charged a $10 fee if you cancel after five minutes.·        Average pickup times vary by city, time, and amount of business."," Download the app. The Uber app is available for free from the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and the BlackBerry App World. Install the app to your device and then open it.-Sign in. Once you’ve downloaded the Uber app, you will need to sign in the first time that you run it. Log in with the username and password that you signed up with.- Choose your vehicle type. There are up to five types of vehicle services for Uber, depending on the city you are in. Use the slider at the bottom of the app to set your vehicle preference. The five types of services available are:·        Black CaContinue Reading- Download the app. The Uber app is available for free from the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and the BlackBerry App World. Install the app to your device and then open it.-Sign in. Once you’ve downloaded the Uber app, you will need to sign in the first time that you run it. Log in with the username and password that you signed up with.- Choose your vehicle type. There are up to five types of vehicle services for Uber, depending on the city you are in. Use the slider at the bottom of the app to set your vehicle preference. The five types of services available are:·        Black Car – This is Uber’s original service. Choosing Black Car will send a high-end sedan to your location, with seating for up to 4 people.·        Taxi – This calls a taxi that has an agreement with Uber. These taxis are much like any normal taxi, except that you can pay through the app.·        UberX – This sends an everyday car to your location with seating for up to four people. This is Uber’s budget option.·        SUV – This will send an SUV to your location with seating for up to 6 people. This is significantly more expensive than the Black Car service.·        LUX – This will send a high-end luxury car to your location with seating for up to four people. This is Uber’s most expensive service.- Mark your location. Once you’ve chosen your vehicle type, mark your position on the map with a pin. This pin represents where the driver will be expecting to pick you up. You can also manually type in the pickup location. Once your location is set, tap the “Set Pickup Location” button.·        You will need to confirm your selection on the screen that appears.·        You will be given the option to pay with any Uber credit that you may have on your account. This option is turned on by default.-  Wait for your ride. You will be given an estimation on how long your car will take to show up. If there was no car available, try again in a few minutes, as a driver may have dropped their passengers off and become available.·        The Uber app will provide you with the phone number of your driver. You can use this contact the driver if you have any special considerations.·        If you need to cancel your reservation, you will be charged a $10 fee if you cancel after five minutes.·        Average pickup times vary by city, time, and amount of business. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('much')|","|pal:NRT('water')|","|pal:NRT('should')|","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('drink')|","day"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"You should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with Continue ReadingYou should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with pituitary or hypothalamic problems (even then, you can rely on the thirst mechanism to a surprising degree)people who purposely want to dilute their urine (e.g. kidney stones - especially those that contain urate)certain endocrine diseasesolder people in hot, dry climates (their regulatory mechanisms may fade with age)But for the average, otherwise generally healthy person, there is no rule other than to drink to quench your thirst! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** By the way, there is a lot of misinformation on the internet advocating various ideal amounts of daily water intake. Unfortunately, the US government helped start this by publishing water intake guidelines in 1945 - reflecting the mood in this country that diet and drink were scientific issues. Unfortunately, the guidelines published at that time failed to account for water in the food we eat, which is a sizable amount. So much for 1940s science ... but the bottled water companies sure loved it! Check out Danones public good-sounding Hydration for Health initiative: http://www.h4hinitiative.com/hydration-for-health-hub/ For a more objective look, check out: 1. Fact or Fiction?: You Must Drink 8 Glasses of Water Daily (reviewed in Scientific American) 2. Waterlogged? in the British Medical Journal: http://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4280.extract Cheers! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** NEWS FLASH: An international study of 5,604 people was just published in the prestigious journal Science (November, 2022) Their conclusion? “The current study clearly indicates that one size does not fit all for drinking water guidelines, and the common suggestion that we should drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water per day (~2 liters) is not backed up by objective evidence.”","You should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with Continue ReadingYou should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with pituitary or hypothalamic problems (even then, you can rely on the thirst mechanism to a surprising degree)people who purposely want to dilute their urine (e.g. kidney stones - especially those that contain urate)certain endocrine diseasesolder people in hot, dry climates (their regulatory mechanisms may fade with age)But for the average, otherwise generally healthy person, there is no rule other than to drink to quench your thirst! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** By the way, there is a lot of misinformation on the internet advocating various ideal amounts of daily water intake. Unfortunately, the US government helped start this by publishing water intake guidelines in 1945 - reflecting the mood in this country that diet and drink were scientific issues. Unfortunately, the guidelines published at that time failed to account for water in the food we eat, which is a sizable amount. So much for 1940s science ... but the bottled water companies sure loved it! Check out Danones public good-sounding Hydration for Health initiative: http://www.h4hinitiative.com/hydration-for-health-hub/ For a more objective look, check out: 1. Fact or Fiction?: You Must Drink 8 Glasses of Water Daily (reviewed in Scientific American) 2. Waterlogged? in the British Medical Journal: http://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4280.extract Cheers! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** NEWS FLASH: An international study of 5,604 people was just published in the prestigious journal Science (November, 2022) Their conclusion? “The current study clearly indicates that one size does not fit all for drinking water guidelines, and the common suggestion that we should drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water per day (~2 liters) is not backed up by objective evidence.” |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ideal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid foContinue ReadingIdeal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid food but as per ayurveda anything which goes inside the body has to go through a process of metabolism. Water or any liquid is no exception to that. Just like excess food can do harm, so can water.  If say a XYZ person is not so hungry and can eat only two rotis and some dal. XYZ has an ordinary digestive strength and he happens to eat twice of his capacity. The result- stomach upset. Same is the story with water. When you are not thirsty, your body is not really in need of that extra amount of water and cant digest it that well. This extra amount interferes with the normal physiology (Water taken----&gt;Absorbed into the circulatory system in----&gt;taken to the kidneys----&gt;filtration-----&gt;formation of urine). When not in need, this is like an overload to the kidneys. It may sound crude, but its true. The result is- not all the water gets converted into wastes, leading to retention, weight gain and an early invitation to diseases like hypertension. Nowadays, hypertension is seen at the age of 25! This is crazy! Where can the cause be traced? Lifestyle? Yea.. True, but these basic rules regarding amount of food and water are also one aspect of your so called lifestyle. Long story short: Drink as much as your thirst allows you to. Hey..if you are thirsty and happen to drink 7-8 glasses of water every day, we dont have a problem. Just dont make it the other way round.","deal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid foContinue ReadingIdeal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid food but as per ayurveda anything which goes inside the body has to go through a process of metabolism. Water or any liquid is no exception to that. Just like excess food can do harm, so can water.  If say a XYZ person is not so hungry and can eat only two rotis and some dal. XYZ has an ordinary digestive strength and he happens to eat twice of his capacity. The result- stomach upset. Same is the story with water. When you are not thirsty, your body is not really in need of that extra amount of water and cant digest it that well. This extra amount interferes with the normal physiology (Water taken----&gt;Absorbed into the circulatory system in----&gt;taken to the kidneys----&gt;filtration-----&gt;formation of urine). When not in need, this is like an overload to the kidneys. It may sound crude, but its true. The result is- not all the water gets converted into wastes, leading to retention, weight gain and an early invitation to diseases like hypertension. Nowadays, hypertension is seen at the age of 25! This is crazy! Where can the cause be traced? Lifestyle? Yea.. True, but these basic rules regarding amount of food and water are also one aspect of your so called lifestyle. Long story short: Drink as much as your thirst allows you to. Hey..if you are thirsty and happen to drink 7-8 glasses of water every day, we dont have a problem. Just dont make it the other way round. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of waterContinue ReadingThis varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of water whenever you feel like. Just make sure to chug the water remaining in the bottle at 4 PM, and re-fill it.Take sips of water whenever you feel like, and chug the remaining amount of water at night before you go to bed.This works out to 2.5 Liters (82 ounces or 10 x 8 oz glasses) of water per day. No matter what your weight and body type or the season of the year, this is the MINIMUM amount of water you must consume every day.Any other liquids that you consume (coffee, tea, fruit juices, cocktails soda, water melon, oranges etc.) will be over and above the minimum amount of water that you will drink per day.If you practice this for one month, your skin will clear up, your bowels will become regular and you will find that you reduce the chances of contracting many conditions/diseases (gallstones, kidney stones, diabetes etc.).I appreciate any feedback from someone who has already tried this regimen. Thank you.","his varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of waterContinue ReadingThis varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of water whenever you feel like. Just make sure to chug the water remaining in the bottle at 4 PM, and re-fill it.Take sips of water whenever you feel like, and chug the remaining amount of water at night before you go to bed.This works out to 2.5 Liters (82 ounces or 10 x 8 oz glasses) of water per day. No matter what your weight and body type or the season of the year, this is the MINIMUM amount of water you must consume every day.Any other liquids that you consume (coffee, tea, fruit juices, cocktails soda, water melon, oranges etc.) will be over and above the minimum amount of water that you will drink per day.If you practice this for one month, your skin will clear up, your bowels will become regular and you will find that you reduce the chances of contracting many conditions/diseases (gallstones, kidney stones, diabetes etc.).I appreciate any feedback from someone who has already tried this regimen. Thank you. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","ants"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Getting rid of ants can be a common household concern. Here are some effective ways to control and eliminate ants:Cleanliness and Prevention:Keep your kitchen and dining areas clean. Ants are attracted to food residue, so wipe down countertops, sweep floors, and clean up crumbs promptly.Store food in airtight containers.Seal cracks and gaps in walls, floors, and foundations to prevent ants from entering your home.Fix any plumbing leaks, as ants are attracted to water sources.Ant Baits:Ant baits are an effective way to control ant populations. These baits contain ant-attracting substances mixedContinue ReadingGetting rid of ants can be a common household concern. Here are some effective ways to control and eliminate ants:Cleanliness and Prevention:Keep your kitchen and dining areas clean. Ants are attracted to food residue, so wipe down countertops, sweep floors, and clean up crumbs promptly.Store food in airtight containers.Seal cracks and gaps in walls, floors, and foundations to prevent ants from entering your home.Fix any plumbing leaks, as ants are attracted to water sources.Ant Baits:Ant baits are an effective way to control ant populations. These baits contain ant-attracting substances mixed with insecticides.Place ant baits near ant trails and where ants are seen. Worker ants will carry the bait back to the colony, eventually killing the queen and other ants.Diatomaceous Earth (DE):DE is a natural, non-toxic substance that can be sprinkled in areas where ants are active. It damages the exoskeleton of ants and other insects, leading to dehydration and death.Vinegar:A solution of vinegar and water can disrupt ant trails and deter them from returning to an area. Use a 50/50 mixture of white vinegar and water and spray it along ant pathways.Peppermint Oil:Ants dislike the scent of peppermint. You can mix a few drops of peppermint essential oil with water and spray it around entry points and areas where ants are seen.Cinnamon:Sprinkle ground cinnamon along ant trails or near entry points. The strong smell can deter ants.Boiling Water:If you find ant nests outdoors, pouring boiling water into the nest can be an effective way to eliminate the colony.Professional Pest Control:If the ant infestation is severe or persistent, consider hiring a professional pest control service. They can assess the situation and use more powerful treatments to eliminate the ants.Ant Traps:Ant traps can be placed in areas where ants are active. These traps contain bait that attracts ants and then traps them, preventing them from returning to the colony.Seal Outdoor Trash Bins:Make sure outdoor trash bins are sealed tightly to prevent ants from accessing food sources.Remember that patience is key when dealing with ants. It may take some time to completely eliminate the colony, as ant colonies can be extensive and may have multiple satellite nests. Be consistent in your efforts and continue to monitor for any new ant activity.","etting rid of ants can be a common household concern. Here are some effective ways to control and eliminate ants:Cleanliness and Prevention:Keep your kitchen and dining areas clean. Ants are attracted to food residue, so wipe down countertops, sweep floors, and clean up crumbs promptly.Store food in airtight containers.Seal cracks and gaps in walls, floors, and foundations to prevent ants from entering your home.Fix any plumbing leaks, as ants are attracted to water sources.Ant Baits:Ant baits are an effective way to control ant populations. These baits contain ant-attracting substances mixedContinue ReadingGetting rid of ants can be a common household concern. Here are some effective ways to control and eliminate ants:Cleanliness and Prevention:Keep your kitchen and dining areas clean. Ants are attracted to food residue, so wipe down countertops, sweep floors, and clean up crumbs promptly.Store food in airtight containers.Seal cracks and gaps in walls, floors, and foundations to prevent ants from entering your home.Fix any plumbing leaks, as ants are attracted to water sources.Ant Baits:Ant baits are an effective way to control ant populations. These baits contain ant-attracting substances mixed with insecticides.Place ant baits near ant trails and where ants are seen. Worker ants will carry the bait back to the colony, eventually killing the queen and other ants.Diatomaceous Earth (DE):DE is a natural, non-toxic substance that can be sprinkled in areas where ants are active. It damages the exoskeleton of ants and other insects, leading to dehydration and death.Vinegar:A solution of vinegar and water can disrupt ant trails and deter them from returning to an area. Use a 50/50 mixture of white vinegar and water and spray it along ant pathways.Peppermint Oil:Ants dislike the scent of peppermint. You can mix a few drops of peppermint essential oil with water and spray it around entry points and areas where ants are seen.Cinnamon:Sprinkle ground cinnamon along ant trails or near entry points. The strong smell can deter ants.Boiling Water:If you find ant nests outdoors, pouring boiling water into the nest can be an effective way to eliminate the colony.Professional Pest Control:If the ant infestation is severe or persistent, consider hiring a professional pest control service. They can assess the situation and use more powerful treatments to eliminate the ants.Ant Traps:Ant traps can be placed in areas where ants are active. These traps contain bait that attracts ants and then traps them, preventing them from returning to the colony.Seal Outdoor Trash Bins:Make sure outdoor trash bins are sealed tightly to prevent ants from accessing food sources.Remember that patience is key when dealing with ants. It may take some time to completely eliminate the colony, as ant colonies can be extensive and may have multiple satellite nests. Be consistent in your efforts and continue to monitor for any new ant activity. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ill second Eric Burkes answer that Terro is the single most effective way to get rid of a colony of ants in your home. Terro is essentially Borax suspended in corn syrup, so its relatively non-toxic. The ants swarm to eat the sweet goodness that were all familiar with. Theyll carry the food back to the colony and share it. The Borax proceeds to work its magic killing the ants from the inside out. Heres a very important part: after placing the traps, be prepared to see a significant increase in ants for about two days. The ants will swarm to feed on the Terro, and it may seem like youve onContinue ReadingIll second Eric Burkes answer that Terro is the single most effective way to get rid of a colony of ants in your home. Terro is essentially Borax suspended in corn syrup, so its relatively non-toxic. The ants swarm to eat the sweet goodness that were all familiar with. Theyll carry the food back to the colony and share it. The Borax proceeds to work its magic killing the ants from the inside out. Heres a very important part: after placing the traps, be prepared to see a significant increase in ants for about two days. The ants will swarm to feed on the Terro, and it may seem like youve only made the problem worse. Wait it out - the flow of ants will start to taper off, and eventually go down to zero. The best part about this solution is that the ants die in the hive, leaving you with little to no cleanup. Bonus points for caulking the hole(s) the ants were using to get in.","ll second Eric Burkes answer that Terro is the single most effective way to get rid of a colony of ants in your home. Terro is essentially Borax suspended in corn syrup, so its relatively non-toxic. The ants swarm to eat the sweet goodness that were all familiar with. Theyll carry the food back to the colony and share it. The Borax proceeds to work its magic killing the ants from the inside out. Heres a very important part: after placing the traps, be prepared to see a significant increase in ants for about two days. The ants will swarm to feed on the Terro, and it may seem like youve onContinue ReadingIll second Eric Burkes answer that Terro is the single most effective way to get rid of a colony of ants in your home. Terro is essentially Borax suspended in corn syrup, so its relatively non-toxic. The ants swarm to eat the sweet goodness that were all familiar with. Theyll carry the food back to the colony and share it. The Borax proceeds to work its magic killing the ants from the inside out. Heres a very important part: after placing the traps, be prepared to see a significant increase in ants for about two days. The ants will swarm to feed on the Terro, and it may seem like youve only made the problem worse. Wait it out - the flow of ants will start to taper off, and eventually go down to zero. The best part about this solution is that the ants die in the hive, leaving you with little to no cleanup. Bonus points for caulking the hole(s) the ants were using to get in. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('are')|","ants"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"What exactly attracts ants? Well, it depends on the ants. There are many different species, and they are adapted to particularly like different things. Some of them particularly like sweet things like sugary plant juices and syrup spills. Others are very fond of oils, greases, and fats. Still others like various types of meat, and I think a lot of them are also attracted to salty things. And, of course, some ants are fond of all of these things. The common Pavement Ants that we have in abundance around here in the upper peninsula of Michigan are particularly fond of Fritos Corn Chips. They seemContinue ReadingWhat exactly attracts ants? Well, it depends on the ants. There are many different species, and they are adapted to particularly like different things. Some of them particularly like sweet things like sugary plant juices and syrup spills. Others are very fond of oils, greases, and fats. Still others like various types of meat, and I think a lot of them are also attracted to salty things. And, of course, some ants are fond of all of these things. The common Pavement Ants that we have in abundance around here in the upper peninsula of Michigan are particularly fond of Fritos Corn Chips. They seem to be mostly after the fat, but the salt and the carbohydrates are probably also attractive to them.","hat exactly attracts ants? Well, it depends on the ants. There are many different species, and they are adapted to particularly like different things. Some of them particularly like sweet things like sugary plant juices and syrup spills. Others are very fond of oils, greases, and fats. Still others like various types of meat, and I think a lot of them are also attracted to salty things. And, of course, some ants are fond of all of these things. The common Pavement Ants that we have in abundance around here in the upper peninsula of Michigan are particularly fond of Fritos Corn Chips. They seemContinue ReadingWhat exactly attracts ants? Well, it depends on the ants. There are many different species, and they are adapted to particularly like different things. Some of them particularly like sweet things like sugary plant juices and syrup spills. Others are very fond of oils, greases, and fats. Still others like various types of meat, and I think a lot of them are also attracted to salty things. And, of course, some ants are fond of all of these things. The common Pavement Ants that we have in abundance around here in the upper peninsula of Michigan are particularly fond of Fritos Corn Chips. They seem to be mostly after the fat, but the salt and the carbohydrates are probably also attractive to them. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ants require a variety of nutrients, plus water. The larvae (immature ants) require mostly proteins and fats in order to grow, molt, and pupate into adults. Adults (worker and reproductive ants) seem to do well feeding mostly on energy-producing sugars and perhaps electrolytes. When adults require additional protein (especially colony queens — to keep producing eggs), they need to coax larvae to regurgitate mostly pre-digested proteins back to them via trophallaxis. Ant colonies may focus on food high in proteins and fats during colony growth seasons and then focus on sugars during colony mainContinue ReadingAnts require a variety of nutrients, plus water. The larvae (immature ants) require mostly proteins and fats in order to grow, molt, and pupate into adults. Adults (worker and reproductive ants) seem to do well feeding mostly on energy-producing sugars and perhaps electrolytes. When adults require additional protein (especially colony queens — to keep producing eggs), they need to coax larvae to regurgitate mostly pre-digested proteins back to them via trophallaxis. Ant colonies may focus on food high in proteins and fats during colony growth seasons and then focus on sugars during colony maintenance seasons, such as late autumn and winter in temperate climates.","nts require a variety of nutrients, plus water. The larvae (immature ants) require mostly proteins and fats in order to grow, molt, and pupate into adults. Adults (worker and reproductive ants) seem to do well feeding mostly on energy-producing sugars and perhaps electrolytes. When adults require additional protein (especially colony queens — to keep producing eggs), they need to coax larvae to regurgitate mostly pre-digested proteins back to them via trophallaxis. Ant colonies may focus on food high in proteins and fats during colony growth seasons and then focus on sugars during colony mainContinue ReadingAnts require a variety of nutrients, plus water. The larvae (immature ants) require mostly proteins and fats in order to grow, molt, and pupate into adults. Adults (worker and reproductive ants) seem to do well feeding mostly on energy-producing sugars and perhaps electrolytes. When adults require additional protein (especially colony queens — to keep producing eggs), they need to coax larvae to regurgitate mostly pre-digested proteins back to them via trophallaxis. Ant colonies may focus on food high in proteins and fats during colony growth seasons and then focus on sugars during colony maintenance seasons, such as late autumn and winter in temperate climates. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ants, like any other living creature, require food, water, and shelter. So, every species of ant has requirements for a nesting site. The newly bred queen will seek a suitable place to build her nest. Once the colony starts to grow, the workers will search for food. When a worker finds a food source, she will create a scent trail back to the nest, and other workers will follow that trail back to the food source. If the food source is in your kitchen, eliminate the food and also get rid of the scent trail. I have found Pine Sol or something similar can be used to obscure these trails.","nts, like any other living creature, require food, water, and shelter. So, every species of ant has requirements for a nesting site. The newly bred queen will seek a suitable place to build her nest. Once the colony starts to grow, the workers will search for food. When a worker finds a food source, she will create a scent trail back to the nest, and other workers will follow that trail back to the food source. If the food source is in your kitchen, eliminate the food and also get rid of the scent trail. I have found Pine Sol or something similar can be used to obscure these trails. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","earth"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"I dont believe that the Earth is billions of years old. Im scientifically literate and able to understand scientific findings that demonstrate convincingly that the Earth is billions of years old. No belief is required."," dont believe that the Earth is billions of years old. Im scientifically literate and able to understand scientific findings that demonstrate convincingly that the Earth is billions of years old. No belief is required. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Apparently, it is 4,550,000,050 years old. And I know this because when I was five years old I was told that it was 4.55 billion years old, and that was 50 years ago.","pparently, it is 4,550,000,050 years old. And I know this because when I was five years old I was told that it was 4.55 billion years old, and that was 50 years ago. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Let’s not argue how old the Earth is we already demined it by different methods. So how do we determine the age of the earth? It is done with radiometric dating of fragments from the Canyon Diablo iron meteorite. From the fragments, scientists calculated the relative abundances of elements that formed as radioactive uranium decayed over billions of years. Caltech geophysicist Clair Patterson figured out it was 4.5 billion years old. And he used the same technique to get the lead out of the air we breathe. Now the oldest known fossils, in fact, are cyanobacteria from Archaean rocks of western AContinue ReadingLet’s not argue how old the Earth is we already demined it by different methods. So how do we determine the age of the earth? It is done with radiometric dating of fragments from the Canyon Diablo iron meteorite. From the fragments, scientists calculated the relative abundances of elements that formed as radioactive uranium decayed over billions of years. Caltech geophysicist Clair Patterson figured out it was 4.5 billion years old. And he used the same technique to get the lead out of the air we breathe. Now the oldest known fossils, in fact, are cyanobacteria from Archaean rocks of western Australia, dated 3.5 billion years old. This may be somewhat surprising, since the oldest rocks are only a little older: 3.8 billion years old! So we know from that the Earth is billions of years old. Now the bible said the world is about 6,000 years old. When we rely on man’s fallible (and often demonstrably false) dating methods, we can get a confusing range of ages from a few thousand to billions of years, though the vast majority of methods do not give dates even close to billions. But as we said the best way to figure out the earth’s age is through radiometric dating of various sorts of rock – both earthly and extraterrestrial – to pinpoint Earth’s age.","et’s not argue how old the Earth is we already demined it by different methods. So how do we determine the age of the earth? It is done with radiometric dating of fragments from the Canyon Diablo iron meteorite. From the fragments, scientists calculated the relative abundances of elements that formed as radioactive uranium decayed over billions of years. Caltech geophysicist Clair Patterson figured out it was 4.5 billion years old. And he used the same technique to get the lead out of the air we breathe. Now the oldest known fossils, in fact, are cyanobacteria from Archaean rocks of western AContinue ReadingLet’s not argue how old the Earth is we already demined it by different methods. So how do we determine the age of the earth? It is done with radiometric dating of fragments from the Canyon Diablo iron meteorite. From the fragments, scientists calculated the relative abundances of elements that formed as radioactive uranium decayed over billions of years. Caltech geophysicist Clair Patterson figured out it was 4.5 billion years old. And he used the same technique to get the lead out of the air we breathe. Now the oldest known fossils, in fact, are cyanobacteria from Archaean rocks of western Australia, dated 3.5 billion years old. This may be somewhat surprising, since the oldest rocks are only a little older: 3.8 billion years old! So we know from that the Earth is billions of years old. Now the bible said the world is about 6,000 years old. When we rely on man’s fallible (and often demonstrably false) dating methods, we can get a confusing range of ages from a few thousand to billions of years, though the vast majority of methods do not give dates even close to billions. But as we said the best way to figure out the earth’s age is through radiometric dating of various sorts of rock – both earthly and extraterrestrial – to pinpoint Earth’s age. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('big')|","earth"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The earth is really big. Let’s imagine that there were a highway around the equator. Assuming you drive at 100 kilometers per hour, and you can manage 6 hours in a day, it’s going to take you about 9 and a half weeks just to drive all the way around. If there were a highway that goes all the way through the center, pole to pole, driving at the same speed, it would take you 3 weeks just to get from one pole to the other. The earth is as much bigger than you as Mount Everest is to a tiny ant. More specifically, if you were to make a scale model, 1:2,000, where a 2-meter-tall human becomes as small Continue ReadingThe earth is really big. Let’s imagine that there were a highway around the equator. Assuming you drive at 100 kilometers per hour, and you can manage 6 hours in a day, it’s going to take you about 9 and a half weeks just to drive all the way around. If there were a highway that goes all the way through the center, pole to pole, driving at the same speed, it would take you 3 weeks just to get from one pole to the other. The earth is as much bigger than you as Mount Everest is to a tiny ant. More specifically, if you were to make a scale model, 1:2,000, where a 2-meter-tall human becomes as small as a tiny ant, 1 millimeter long, the earth becomes a huge ball about 6.3 kilometers in diameter. The Kola Superdeep Borehole drilled down over 12 kilometers, after which point the immense heat and pressure made the rocks too gooey to drill through—the hole kept filling in. This is less than 1/1,000th the diameter of the earth, so if the earth were the size of a watermelon, the Kola Superdeep Borehole would have drilled down about a third of a millimeter, or 1/64th of an inch—not even enough to clear the green skin on the outside of the rind. The earth is really big.","he earth is really big. Let’s imagine that there were a highway around the equator. Assuming you drive at 100 kilometers per hour, and you can manage 6 hours in a day, it’s going to take you about 9 and a half weeks just to drive all the way around. If there were a highway that goes all the way through the center, pole to pole, driving at the same speed, it would take you 3 weeks just to get from one pole to the other. The earth is as much bigger than you as Mount Everest is to a tiny ant. More specifically, if you were to make a scale model, 1:2,000, where a 2-meter-tall human becomes as small Continue ReadingThe earth is really big. Let’s imagine that there were a highway around the equator. Assuming you drive at 100 kilometers per hour, and you can manage 6 hours in a day, it’s going to take you about 9 and a half weeks just to drive all the way around. If there were a highway that goes all the way through the center, pole to pole, driving at the same speed, it would take you 3 weeks just to get from one pole to the other. The earth is as much bigger than you as Mount Everest is to a tiny ant. More specifically, if you were to make a scale model, 1:2,000, where a 2-meter-tall human becomes as small as a tiny ant, 1 millimeter long, the earth becomes a huge ball about 6.3 kilometers in diameter. The Kola Superdeep Borehole drilled down over 12 kilometers, after which point the immense heat and pressure made the rocks too gooey to drill through—the hole kept filling in. This is less than 1/1,000th the diameter of the earth, so if the earth were the size of a watermelon, the Kola Superdeep Borehole would have drilled down about a third of a millimeter, or 1/64th of an inch—not even enough to clear the green skin on the outside of the rind. The earth is really big. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Size of the Earth ; Mass, 5.9736×1024kg ; Volume, 1.083×1012 km ; Mean diameter, 12,742 km ; Surface area, 510,072,000 km ;All of the sudden, Earth starts looking small. The total mass of the solar system is about 333,345.997 Earth masses. Thanks regards Noor Jahans iconic SpaceContinue ReadingSize of the Earth ; Mass, 5.9736×1024kg ; Volume, 1.083×1012 km ; Mean diameter, 12,742 km ; Surface area, 510,072,000 km ;All of the sudden, Earth starts looking small. The total mass of the solar system is about 333,345.997 Earth masses. Thanks regards Noor Jahans iconic Space","Size of the Earth ; Mass, 5.9736×1024kg ; Volume, 1.083×1012 km ; Mean diameter, 12,742 km ; Surface area, 510,072,000 km ;All of the sudden, Earth starts looking small. The total mass of the solar system is about 333,345.997 Earth masses. Thanks regards Noor Jahans iconic SpaceContinue ReadingSize of the Earth ; Mass, 5.9736×1024kg ; Volume, 1.083×1012 km ; Mean diameter, 12,742 km ; Surface area, 510,072,000 km ;All of the sudden, Earth starts looking small. The total mass of the solar system is about 333,345.997 Earth masses. Thanks regards Noor Jahans iconic Space |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I’m going to assume that you want a fun answer comparing it to things you know. So here you go. The Earth is the size of: 175,647,058,800,000,000,000,000 Good Boys.18,651,376,030,000,000 populations of Manhattan.149,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 boring bags of concrete.1,194,400,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 new nickels.and 81.34 Moons.And there you have it. That is the size of the Earth. (All calculations were done with respect to the mass of the Earth)Continue ReadingI’m going to assume that you want a fun answer comparing it to things you know. So here you go. The Earth is the size of: 175,647,058,800,000,000,000,000 Good Boys.18,651,376,030,000,000 populations of Manhattan.149,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 boring bags of concrete.1,194,400,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 new nickels.and 81.34 Moons.And there you have it. That is the size of the Earth. (All calculations were done with respect to the mass of the Earth)","I’m going to assume that you want a fun answer comparing it to things you know. So here you go. The Earth is the size of: 175,647,058,800,000,000,000,000 Good Boys.18,651,376,030,000,000 populations of Manhattan.149,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 boring bags of concrete.1,194,400,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 new nickels.and 81.34 Moons.And there you have it. That is the size of the Earth. (All calculations were done with respect to the mass of the Earth)Continue ReadingI’m going to assume that you want a fun answer comparing it to things you know. So here you go. The Earth is the size of: 175,647,058,800,000,000,000,000 Good Boys.18,651,376,030,000,000 populations of Manhattan.149,300,000,000,000,000,000,000 boring bags of concrete.1,194,400,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 new nickels.and 81.34 Moons.And there you have it. That is the size of the Earth. (All calculations were done with respect to the mass of the Earth) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('we')|","|pal:NRT('call')|","|pal:NRT('earth')|","earth"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"May be you, not me I cal it Země. And for same exact reason as you. We did not know anything except the Earth before we’ve learned about planets and we had earth (soil) under our feet. Name simply stuck.","ay be you, not me I cal it Země. And for same exact reason as you. We did not know anything except the Earth before we’ve learned about planets and we had earth (soil) under our feet. Name simply stuck. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you think that the name Earth is the only one used now for the planet we live on you have a very parochial outlook. It’s called the cognate Erde in German, Terre in French, Tierra in Spanish… The funny thing is that in English as in those languages the word for the Earth is also the word for earth, the ground we walk on. We only used the word for the Earth as a planet when we understood it was a planet which came much later.","f you think that the name Earth is the only one used now for the planet we live on you have a very parochial outlook. It’s called the cognate Erde in German, Terre in French, Tierra in Spanish… The funny thing is that in English as in those languages the word for the Earth is also the word for earth, the ground we walk on. We only used the word for the Earth as a planet when we understood it was a planet which came much later. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Original question:What is the name of the Earths moon?The name of the Earths natural satellite is Moon. So technically, Mars has two natural satellites, not two moons. However, as weve had the Moon for centuries before we discovered other planets and have called it the Moon, using the word moon is synonymous with the phrase natural satellite.   A simple way to identify the difference in usage is if the M of moon is capitalized. If it is, it refers to our Moon; if not, its a common noun and could refer to any other natural satellite in discussion.","riginal question:What is the name of the Earths moon?The name of the Earths natural satellite is Moon. So technically, Mars has two natural satellites, not two moons. However, as weve had the Moon for centuries before we discovered other planets and have called it the Moon, using the word moon is synonymous with the phrase natural satellite.   A simple way to identify the difference in usage is if the M of moon is capitalized. If it is, it refers to our Moon; if not, its a common noun and could refer to any other natural satellite in discussion. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('paper')|","airplane"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Really that depends om your purpose. Quick construction, long time in the air, long distance, specific maneuvers, realistic detail, pure origami or whatever. The best book on the topic is still The Great International Paper Airplane Book Hardcover – 1 Sep 1998 by Mander, Dippel an Gossage. Available in reprint at Amazon. Buy it, and get several hours of fun. Detailed descriptions of principles and how to construct airplanes that came in on a first place in several categories in a great, international pape airplane competition. I have a Danish translation, and it may be in other languages as welContinue ReadingReally that depends om your purpose. Quick construction, long time in the air, long distance, specific maneuvers, realistic detail, pure origami or whatever. The best book on the topic is still The Great International Paper Airplane Book Hardcover – 1 Sep 1998 by Mander, Dippel an Gossage. Available in reprint at Amazon. Buy it, and get several hours of fun. Detailed descriptions of principles and how to construct airplanes that came in on a first place in several categories in a great, international pape airplane competition. I have a Danish translation, and it may be in other languages as well. If you want pure origami, search for origami airplane, there are plenty of high rated books on that topic. Also search for paper airplane category here on quora.","eally that depends om your purpose. Quick construction, long time in the air, long distance, specific maneuvers, realistic detail, pure origami or whatever. The best book on the topic is still The Great International Paper Airplane Book Hardcover – 1 Sep 1998 by Mander, Dippel an Gossage. Available in reprint at Amazon. Buy it, and get several hours of fun. Detailed descriptions of principles and how to construct airplanes that came in on a first place in several categories in a great, international pape airplane competition. I have a Danish translation, and it may be in other languages as welContinue ReadingReally that depends om your purpose. Quick construction, long time in the air, long distance, specific maneuvers, realistic detail, pure origami or whatever. The best book on the topic is still The Great International Paper Airplane Book Hardcover – 1 Sep 1998 by Mander, Dippel an Gossage. Available in reprint at Amazon. Buy it, and get several hours of fun. Detailed descriptions of principles and how to construct airplanes that came in on a first place in several categories in a great, international pape airplane competition. I have a Danish translation, and it may be in other languages as well. If you want pure origami, search for origami airplane, there are plenty of high rated books on that topic. Also search for paper airplane category here on quora. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It is now possible to build a super paper airplane, speed would have to be kept to a low level say 50 to 80 mph, the Geodesic design for construction is very strong, use latest very strong Epoxy glues for everything, keep weight to a minimum, solar powered the flexible solar panels should be used, dope the paper with a good strong dope, if high speed is required it might have to be streamline and a glider.","t is now possible to build a super paper airplane, speed would have to be kept to a low level say 50 to 80 mph, the Geodesic design for construction is very strong, use latest very strong Epoxy glues for everything, keep weight to a minimum, solar powered the flexible solar panels should be used, dope the paper with a good strong dope, if high speed is required it might have to be streamline and a glider. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Q: How can I make the perfect paper airplane? A: a) look for Barnaby’s book. He was Navy and walks you through stability. Second look at these. A company made a plastic one, something like ZyGo, but I can’t find it now:AND: ","Q: How can I make the perfect paper airplane? A: a) look for Barnaby’s book. He was Navy and walks you through stability. Second look at these. A company made a plastic one, something like ZyGo, but I can’t find it now:AND:  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('paper')|","|pal:NRT('airplanes')|","work"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"My boss came to work one morning looking a little worse for wear. I asked if he was alright and he said the night before he had had a few drinks before heading home on the train when he was accosted by a group of youths outside the station. They tried to steal his laptop bag (the bag was empty, but they didn’t know that). He said all he remembers was smacking a few of them over the head with the bag whilst shouting, “if you want it, come and get it”. They quickly ran off. He told me a few days later that he saw them again and they gave him a wide berth.","y boss came to work one morning looking a little worse for wear. I asked if he was alright and he said the night before he had had a few drinks before heading home on the train when he was accosted by a group of youths outside the station. They tried to steal his laptop bag (the bag was empty, but they didn’t know that). He said all he remembers was smacking a few of them over the head with the bag whilst shouting, “if you want it, come and get it”. They quickly ran off. He told me a few days later that he saw them again and they gave him a wide berth. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('when')|","bored"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Choose one fine day. Take a pen and a paper. Lock yourself in a room. Write down all the fantasies you have/had about your life. Write down all the things you want to do in your life (even the crazy/silly ones). Write as many as you can. Also include those which are impossible. Think of magical world where you have the power to do literally anything. Arrange them according to your preferences. This reflects what you should be doing. Whenever you get time, think about how can you achieve your wishlist items. Now choose one thing. Easiest thing to do. And just do it. First few things should be veContinue ReadingChoose one fine day. Take a pen and a paper. Lock yourself in a room. Write down all the fantasies you have/had about your life. Write down all the things you want to do in your life (even the crazy/silly ones). Write as many as you can. Also include those which are impossible. Think of magical world where you have the power to do literally anything. Arrange them according to your preferences. This reflects what you should be doing. Whenever you get time, think about how can you achieve your wishlist items. Now choose one thing. Easiest thing to do. And just do it. First few things should be very easy. You wont need much efforts. Get addicted to this. Adding things to list and finishing them. You will feel really awesome once you finish your wishes in your list. This will slowly bring confidence in you and youll forget about boredom. I hope this helps! Questions welcome.","hoose one fine day. Take a pen and a paper. Lock yourself in a room. Write down all the fantasies you have/had about your life. Write down all the things you want to do in your life (even the crazy/silly ones). Write as many as you can. Also include those which are impossible. Think of magical world where you have the power to do literally anything. Arrange them according to your preferences. This reflects what you should be doing. Whenever you get time, think about how can you achieve your wishlist items. Now choose one thing. Easiest thing to do. And just do it. First few things should be veContinue ReadingChoose one fine day. Take a pen and a paper. Lock yourself in a room. Write down all the fantasies you have/had about your life. Write down all the things you want to do in your life (even the crazy/silly ones). Write as many as you can. Also include those which are impossible. Think of magical world where you have the power to do literally anything. Arrange them according to your preferences. This reflects what you should be doing. Whenever you get time, think about how can you achieve your wishlist items. Now choose one thing. Easiest thing to do. And just do it. First few things should be very easy. You wont need much efforts. Get addicted to this. Adding things to list and finishing them. You will feel really awesome once you finish your wishes in your list. This will slowly bring confidence in you and youll forget about boredom. I hope this helps! Questions welcome. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","What is Boredom?In terms of the brain, boredom may be the anxiety that develops as the automatic reaction to excess stress or strain that we put on our mind .Or in simple words , fatigue or disinterest .So dont let boredom stop you from doing some amazing things.. Most of the ideas I came up with are offline ...which means you can do them with the natural resources that are easily available around us.Learn as much as you can. Pick a subject, then dig in and learn something about it. ‘Always have the unquenchable thirst for knowledge Try out a new flavor of ice cream.Practice a musical instContinue ReadingWhat is Boredom?In terms of the brain, boredom may be the anxiety that develops as the automatic reaction to excess stress or strain that we put on our mind .Or in simple words , fatigue or disinterest .So dont let boredom stop you from doing some amazing things.. Most of the ideas I came up with are offline ...which means you can do them with the natural resources that are easily available around us.Learn as much as you can. Pick a subject, then dig in and learn something about it. ‘Always have the unquenchable thirst for knowledge Try out a new flavor of ice cream.Practice a musical instrumentTeach. Find someone to teach something.Play with children or babies.Watch them doing things .Kids have the unique way of doing everything.Ask them questions &amp; ready to be amazed by their own logic and answers .Water your garden, listen to birds chirping, observe everything from stem to roots. Plant a few seeds and be excited to see the plant grow. Grow indoor plants, cut them in various shapes.Sing loudly in public without giving a care to the world.Bake something nice and write your name on it.Do everything you once put off doingWalk a dog, i seriously suggest you try. As it is one of the most happiest experiences of life. If you need unconditional love it is..Read foreign language books and quotes . Brush up on your knowledge on grammar .Increase your vocabulary.Take a train to a local place,observe people and learn what makes you different from others.Exercise, meditate or Learn YogaRead a book, play a computer / video game, talk to someone somewhere else, text, write a letter, etc.Keep a journal and record your daily life. Youll eventually learn what you need the most and what you dont.Build your life accordingly.Do anything that involves thinking.You can paint , sketch on paper, doodle or simply create/ write a story etc.I personally read and learnt many things from here. Quora is a great source of knowledge and you can access number of topics and learn anything that is of your interest. I think best way to chase away boredom is to find something that you love and invest all your time in mastering it .Maintain a idea book, write every single idea, thought you get throughout the day.Sing happy times and eliminate all boring songs from your playlist.Get a pet, you would not say the word Boredom again.","hat is Boredom?In terms of the brain, boredom may be the anxiety that develops as the automatic reaction to excess stress or strain that we put on our mind .Or in simple words , fatigue or disinterest .So dont let boredom stop you from doing some amazing things.. Most of the ideas I came up with are offline ...which means you can do them with the natural resources that are easily available around us.Learn as much as you can. Pick a subject, then dig in and learn something about it. ‘Always have the unquenchable thirst for knowledge Try out a new flavor of ice cream.Practice a musical instContinue ReadingWhat is Boredom?In terms of the brain, boredom may be the anxiety that develops as the automatic reaction to excess stress or strain that we put on our mind .Or in simple words , fatigue or disinterest .So dont let boredom stop you from doing some amazing things.. Most of the ideas I came up with are offline ...which means you can do them with the natural resources that are easily available around us.Learn as much as you can. Pick a subject, then dig in and learn something about it. ‘Always have the unquenchable thirst for knowledge Try out a new flavor of ice cream.Practice a musical instrumentTeach. Find someone to teach something.Play with children or babies.Watch them doing things .Kids have the unique way of doing everything.Ask them questions &amp; ready to be amazed by their own logic and answers .Water your garden, listen to birds chirping, observe everything from stem to roots. Plant a few seeds and be excited to see the plant grow. Grow indoor plants, cut them in various shapes.Sing loudly in public without giving a care to the world.Bake something nice and write your name on it.Do everything you once put off doingWalk a dog, i seriously suggest you try. As it is one of the most happiest experiences of life. If you need unconditional love it is..Read foreign language books and quotes . Brush up on your knowledge on grammar .Increase your vocabulary.Take a train to a local place,observe people and learn what makes you different from others.Exercise, meditate or Learn YogaRead a book, play a computer / video game, talk to someone somewhere else, text, write a letter, etc.Keep a journal and record your daily life. Youll eventually learn what you need the most and what you dont.Build your life accordingly.Do anything that involves thinking.You can paint , sketch on paper, doodle or simply create/ write a story etc.I personally read and learnt many things from here. Quora is a great source of knowledge and you can access number of topics and learn anything that is of your interest. I think best way to chase away boredom is to find something that you love and invest all your time in mastering it .Maintain a idea book, write every single idea, thought you get throughout the day.Sing happy times and eliminate all boring songs from your playlist.Get a pet, you would not say the word Boredom again. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","resume"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"Maximum length: 2 pagesUse of borders and colors: NoStart every sentence with an action verbInclude location and duration for each work experienceFocus on achievements and not just responsibilitiesAvoid the use of IPhotograph: NoMust have: Address, phone number, a professional email id and DOBMarketing lingo: No, keep it simple and straight forwardAbbreviations: NoObjective: Not required; start with a summary. Objective should be evidentStrengths: Not requiredHobbies: Not requiredReferences upon request: not requiredBullet points or sentences: Only bullet points not exceeding more than 2 linContinue ReadingMaximum length: 2 pagesUse of borders and colors: NoStart every sentence with an action verbInclude location and duration for each work experienceFocus on achievements and not just responsibilitiesAvoid the use of IPhotograph: NoMust have: Address, phone number, a professional email id and DOBMarketing lingo: No, keep it simple and straight forwardAbbreviations: NoObjective: Not required; start with a summary. Objective should be evidentStrengths: Not requiredHobbies: Not requiredReferences upon request: not requiredBullet points or sentences: Only bullet points not exceeding more than 2 linesFont: Any roman font with size 10-12Will I write your resume for free: No, you should atleast make an offer for a tea :)","Maximum length: 2 pagesUse of borders and colors: NoStart every sentence with an action verbInclude location and duration for each work experienceFocus on achievements and not just responsibilitiesAvoid the use of IPhotograph: NoMust have: Address, phone number, a professional email id and DOBMarketing lingo: No, keep it simple and straight forwardAbbreviations: NoObjective: Not required; start with a summary. Objective should be evidentStrengths: Not requiredHobbies: Not requiredReferences upon request: not requiredBullet points or sentences: Only bullet points not exceeding more than 2 linContinue ReadingMaximum length: 2 pagesUse of borders and colors: NoStart every sentence with an action verbInclude location and duration for each work experienceFocus on achievements and not just responsibilitiesAvoid the use of IPhotograph: NoMust have: Address, phone number, a professional email id and DOBMarketing lingo: No, keep it simple and straight forwardAbbreviations: NoObjective: Not required; start with a summary. Objective should be evidentStrengths: Not requiredHobbies: Not requiredReferences upon request: not requiredBullet points or sentences: Only bullet points not exceeding more than 2 linesFont: Any roman font with size 10-12Will I write your resume for free: No, you should atleast make an offer for a tea :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Dont write resume of a NASA Scientist, your qualifications must be in sync with reality.Dont mention fake projects for which you purchased a ready made file from the local stationary shop, you will be grilled like a sandwich.Concise is beautiful, lengthy is ugly. (HR and interviewers are not interested in reading stories, they want matter)Dont mention every striking adjective from the Oxford Dictionary, highlight a few qualities you genuinely feel you have.Dont extend the list of achievements by mentioning that you won a consolation prize for participating in the inter class essay writing Continue ReadingDont write resume of a NASA Scientist, your qualifications must be in sync with reality.Dont mention fake projects for which you purchased a ready made file from the local stationary shop, you will be grilled like a sandwich.Concise is beautiful, lengthy is ugly. (HR and interviewers are not interested in reading stories, they want matter)Dont mention every striking adjective from the Oxford Dictionary, highlight a few qualities you genuinely feel you have.Dont extend the list of achievements by mentioning that you won a consolation prize for participating in the inter class essay writing competition in 2nd class (or similar achievements, unless you have nothing else to mention)Make atleast two people read your resume (a colleague and an experienced senior), to identify redundancy, important misses and grammatical errors. (Very important)In the first lines where you write your vision, write the most genuine feelings expressed in correct words, it would definitely be appreciated, copy pasted stuff is identified in seconds.Dont skip things which didnt go well, it is easy to identify what you left intentionally, instead be ready for a satisfactory explanation. (For example gap year, or quitting a job within months)Genuinety combined with a little modesty is the best way to express yourself in front of experienced people!","Dont write resume of a NASA Scientist, your qualifications must be in sync with reality.Dont mention fake projects for which you purchased a ready made file from the local stationary shop, you will be grilled like a sandwich.Concise is beautiful, lengthy is ugly. (HR and interviewers are not interested in reading stories, they want matter)Dont mention every striking adjective from the Oxford Dictionary, highlight a few qualities you genuinely feel you have.Dont extend the list of achievements by mentioning that you won a consolation prize for participating in the inter class essay writing Continue ReadingDont write resume of a NASA Scientist, your qualifications must be in sync with reality.Dont mention fake projects for which you purchased a ready made file from the local stationary shop, you will be grilled like a sandwich.Concise is beautiful, lengthy is ugly. (HR and interviewers are not interested in reading stories, they want matter)Dont mention every striking adjective from the Oxford Dictionary, highlight a few qualities you genuinely feel you have.Dont extend the list of achievements by mentioning that you won a consolation prize for participating in the inter class essay writing competition in 2nd class (or similar achievements, unless you have nothing else to mention)Make atleast two people read your resume (a colleague and an experienced senior), to identify redundancy, important misses and grammatical errors. (Very important)In the first lines where you write your vision, write the most genuine feelings expressed in correct words, it would definitely be appreciated, copy pasted stuff is identified in seconds.Dont skip things which didnt go well, it is easy to identify what you left intentionally, instead be ready for a satisfactory explanation. (For example gap year, or quitting a job within months)Genuinety combined with a little modesty is the best way to express yourself in front of experienced people! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Let’s see. A resume is like a summary of your life, carefully worded and meticulously written in such a way that all the details resonate with the vision of the recruiter. Here are some of the tips: 1. The length of a resume should not be greater than 2 pages. Believe me, all the people at mid-management or upper management level can summarize their achievements in one page. If they can do so, anyoneContinue ReadingLet’s see. A resume is like a summary of your life, carefully worded and meticulously written in such a way that all the details resonate with the vision of the recruiter. Here are some of the tips: 1. The length of a resume should not be greater than 2 pages. Believe me, all the people at mid-management or upper management level can summarize their achievements in one page. If they can do so, anyone can do so.2. Your resume should be properly structured. This means that all the points should be appropriately separated into different buckets like Education, work experience etc. This is necessary because as an interviewer, if I want to directly find out about your education, I should know where to find it in your resume.3. All the points should be crisp and clear. Instead of writing “I took part in ITC Interrobang competition and secured first rank out of 10 teams.”, you can write “ITC Interrobang (Rank 1/10 teams)”. It will save you some space and essentially you are communicating the same information.4. Highlight the important words. For example, if you write “Spearheaded a tournament with a footfall of 10,000 people and generated revenue of Rs. 1 lakh.”, you might want to highlight words like spearheaded, 10,000 people, Rs. 1 Lakh etc. This is because they show the intensity and impact of your work.5. No work is small work. A housewife may not have an industry experience, but she is equally talented in managing an entire household. If she is willing to join a restaurant and can cook different dishes, she can become the head chef at a restaurant. So write everything which you think is relevant for the job.6. There should not be any grammatical mistakes. Double-check, triple-check,...","et’s see. A resume is like a summary of your life, carefully worded and meticulously written in such a way that all the details resonate with the vision of the recruiter. Here are some of the tips: 1. The length of a resume should not be greater than 2 pages. Believe me, all the people at mid-management or upper management level can summarize their achievements in one page. If they can do so, anyoneContinue ReadingLet’s see. A resume is like a summary of your life, carefully worded and meticulously written in such a way that all the details resonate with the vision of the recruiter. Here are some of the tips: 1. The length of a resume should not be greater than 2 pages. Believe me, all the people at mid-management or upper management level can summarize their achievements in one page. If they can do so, anyone can do so.2. Your resume should be properly structured. This means that all the points should be appropriately separated into different buckets like Education, work experience etc. This is necessary because as an interviewer, if I want to directly find out about your education, I should know where to find it in your resume.3. All the points should be crisp and clear. Instead of writing “I took part in ITC Interrobang competition and secured first rank out of 10 teams.”, you can write “ITC Interrobang (Rank 1/10 teams)”. It will save you some space and essentially you are communicating the same information.4. Highlight the important words. For example, if you write “Spearheaded a tournament with a footfall of 10,000 people and generated revenue of Rs. 1 lakh.”, you might want to highlight words like spearheaded, 10,000 people, Rs. 1 Lakh etc. This is because they show the intensity and impact of your work.5. No work is small work. A housewife may not have an industry experience, but she is equally talented in managing an entire household. If she is willing to join a restaurant and can cook different dishes, she can become the head chef at a restaurant. So write everything which you think is relevant for the job.6. There should not be any grammatical mistakes. Double-check, triple-check,... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I read hundreds of resumes each week. Here are what I am looking for.Make it one page. Short and clear. Unless you are an MIT professor with forty years of experiences and owned a hundred patents, I do not see why you need more than one page.update (4/2016) : even Elon Musk thinks so.This resume for Elon Musk proves you never, ever need to use more than one page - Business InsiderDo not put unnecessary information. I see lots of people putting stuffs like hobbies, religion, ethnicities, favourite movies, and headshot photo (unless you are applying as photomodel). No, I dont need that.HeadContinue ReadingI read hundreds of resumes each week. Here are what I am looking for.Make it one page. Short and clear. Unless you are an MIT professor with forty years of experiences and owned a hundred patents, I do not see why you need more than one page.update (4/2016) : even Elon Musk thinks so.This resume for Elon Musk proves you never, ever need to use more than one page - Business InsiderDo not put unnecessary information. I see lots of people putting stuffs like hobbies, religion, ethnicities, favourite movies, and headshot photo (unless you are applying as photomodel). No, I dont need that.Header must contains quick-needed info. Put your name in big font, under it put your e-mail and contact number. Those are the most essentials element in your resume. Make me easy to contact you.Put information in chronological order. Do not let them scatter around and make the reader easier to scan your resume. Your last job should be on top.Put some keywords. If the vacancies are looking for three years of experiences in Java then put it on your resume. As a manager, I dont really into keywords (I can interview you later), but HR always do.And remember that some companies use computer to scan your resume, so do not bother with lengthy sentences or non-standard formatting. Good luck!","I read hundreds of resumes each week. Here are what I am looking for.Make it one page. Short and clear. Unless you are an MIT professor with forty years of experiences and owned a hundred patents, I do not see why you need more than one page.update (4/2016) : even Elon Musk thinks so.This resume for Elon Musk proves you never, ever need to use more than one page - Business InsiderDo not put unnecessary information. I see lots of people putting stuffs like hobbies, religion, ethnicities, favourite movies, and headshot photo (unless you are applying as photomodel). No, I dont need that.HeadContinue ReadingI read hundreds of resumes each week. Here are what I am looking for.Make it one page. Short and clear. Unless you are an MIT professor with forty years of experiences and owned a hundred patents, I do not see why you need more than one page.update (4/2016) : even Elon Musk thinks so.This resume for Elon Musk proves you never, ever need to use more than one page - Business InsiderDo not put unnecessary information. I see lots of people putting stuffs like hobbies, religion, ethnicities, favourite movies, and headshot photo (unless you are applying as photomodel). No, I dont need that.Header must contains quick-needed info. Put your name in big font, under it put your e-mail and contact number. Those are the most essentials element in your resume. Make me easy to contact you.Put information in chronological order. Do not let them scatter around and make the reader easier to scan your resume. Your last job should be on top.Put some keywords. If the vacancies are looking for three years of experiences in Java then put it on your resume. As a manager, I dont really into keywords (I can interview you later), but HR always do.And remember that some companies use computer to scan your resume, so do not bother with lengthy sentences or non-standard formatting. Good luck! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('global')|","warming"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There is only one fact that matters. It doesnt matter what 97% of scientists say, what Al Gore says or what NASA says. It’s a simple equation: 1: Energy coming in Earth constantly receives 342 watts/m2 of energy by the sun. That’s the average, on the equator it’s more, on the poles it’s less. 2: Energy absorbed Of those 342 watts, a total of 235 watts are absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 77+30 = 107 watts are reflected back into space.Compared to preindustrial times, Greenhouse gases absorb an additional 2.6 watts/m2. This is called Radiative forcing and this is a physContinue ReadingThere is only one fact that matters. It doesnt matter what 97% of scientists say, what Al Gore says or what NASA says. It’s a simple equation: 1: Energy coming in Earth constantly receives 342 watts/m2 of energy by the sun. That’s the average, on the equator it’s more, on the poles it’s less. 2: Energy absorbed Of those 342 watts, a total of 235 watts are absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 77+30 = 107 watts are reflected back into space.Compared to preindustrial times, Greenhouse gases absorb an additional 2.6 watts/m2. This is called Radiative forcing and this is a physical law. Anyone can test the radiative forcings for each gas in school lab. The present radiative forcings of each greenhouse gas (compared to their greenhouse effects in pre-industrial times) are:Carbon dioxide: 1.5 Watts per square meter.Methane: 0.5 Watts per square meter.Nitrous oxide: 0.2 Watts per square meter.Halocarbons: 0.2 Watts per square meter.Water vapor: 0.2 watts per square meterTotal radiative forcings from all greenhouse gases: 2.6 Watts per square meter.3: Energy absorbed through CO2 Since CO2 makes up 1.5 watts/m2 out of the total radiative forcings of 2.6 watts/m2. Thus, at present, carbon dioxide is responsible for 55% of the anthropogenic greenhouse effect, methane is responsible for 18%, nitrous oxide, water vapor and halocarbons for 9% each. This is easy to understand. 4: The consequences This leads to a cascading greenhouse effect that takes decades to centuries to come into full effect:Less iceLots of additional greenhouse gases that were trapped in ice released → higher temperaturesMore darker surface area that reflect less sunlight (6%) and less white areas that reflect more sunlight (60%) → higher temperaturesMore release of CO2 and water vapor from the oceans when the oceans gets warmer → higher temperaturesMore droughts → More forest fires → more co2 → higher temperaturesLess iceLots of additional greenhouse gases that were trapped in ice released → higher temperaturesAnd so forth. This cascading effect repeats itself constantly.Due to this effect, a 1% increase in energy absorption results in increase in energy absorption by 3%. With the increase of energy absorption of 1.1% by 2.6 watts from 235 to 237.6 watts/m2, we can expect an increase in energy absorption by 3.3%. This is where we are at right now and this cascading effect is not reversible for several hundred years even if we stopped all CO2 emissions now, since it takes 200 years on average for CO2 to be reabsorbed by the surface or by the oceans. With another doubling of CO2, we can look at a total increase of 10% in energy absorption. Here is what happens when the sun delivered 10% more energy in the past. It led to an average temperature increase of 4 degrees Celcius.A temperature increase of 4 degrees would make the home of 90% of the world’s population uninhabitable and destroy 90% of arable land.Potentially moving to newly thawn land on the poles is also not feasible, because it takes hundreds to thousands of years for newly thawn land to be solid enough to sustain roads, buildings and to become arable for agriculture. 5: What it is not One of the popular arguments is that water vapor is responsible for the greenhouse effect. It is responsible for 60% of the greenhouse effect, but we cannot contribute to it via human emissions, because human water vapor emissions stay close to the surface and don’t enter the atmospherere.The only way we can contribute to it, is through increased CO2, which heats up oceans and increases water vaporization that goes into the atmosphere.Methane is also a strong greenhouse gas, in fact it is 84 times stronger by volume than CO2. However, its concentration is 250 times less than that of CO2 (0.00017% vs 0.04%). That’s why its contribution to climate change is 5 times less than that of CO2 (4% vs. 26%). Secondly, 80% of the Methane disappears from the atmosphere within 25 years on average while it takes 250 years for 80% of the CO2. So, if we reduced Methane emissions drastically, we would already remove most of its greenhouse effect. However, even if we reduced all CO2 emissions drastically right now, we would not see a reduction of the greenhouse effect and experience the entire cascading effect of CO2 for 200 years. That’s why CO2 is such a bigger problem than Methane or any other greenhouse gas. Read more about this here. How long do greenhouse gases stay in the air? This chart also shows how much the increase in those greenhouse gases increased their heat trapping.Here, just some more of those arguments that shows just how little effort is put into fact-checking:CO2 is a heavy gas, so it sinks in the atmosphere. - Great, that doesn’t change anything.CO2 lags temperature. - Yes, and as explained, it’s not the only cause of climate change (Milankovitch cycles, solar radiation, volcanic, geological activity), but those all remained unchanged while CO2 increased by 40%.Medival Warming Period - This was not a global phenomenon and a tiny temperature change of 0.2 degrees celcius.The temperature records were faked and temperatures in the past were pushed down and pushed up for the recent years so that it appears that the temperature changes were higher. - If you fact check, it turns out this gif just shows the differences for U.S. temperatures vs. global temperatures.Whither U.S. Climate?It was the sun. - No, the sun’s energy sent to earth decreased during the largest temperature increase during the last 200 years while CO2 increased by 40%. This literally only takes 1 minute to fact-check.You’ve seen that people jump on sound bites like “CO2 is a heavy gas that sinks”, “medival warm period”, believe blatantly fake data without any doubt or fact-checking. This is the oldest technique in the book of pseudo-science, overwhelming the reader with 50 arguments, using scientific words and it works, so that they think it’s true and don’t fact check them. Summary Earth receives 324 watts/m2 of energy from the sun constantly. Of those 324 watts, a total of 235 watts is absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 107 watts are reflected back into space. Greenhouse gases increase the energy absorption of sunlight by 1.1% directly compared to pre-industrial times and by 3.3% overall due to the cascading effect. This increases total absorbed watts/m2 by 7.2 watts/m2 from 235 watts to 242.3 watts/m2. This effect is not reversible even if we stopped all CO2 emissions now, since it takes CO2 200 years on average to be reabsorbed by land or by the ocean. We can only try to slow down the cascading effect. All in all, the recent climate change is man-made and these numbers prove it without a doubt.","here is only one fact that matters. It doesnt matter what 97% of scientists say, what Al Gore says or what NASA says. It’s a simple equation: 1: Energy coming in Earth constantly receives 342 watts/m2 of energy by the sun. That’s the average, on the equator it’s more, on the poles it’s less. 2: Energy absorbed Of those 342 watts, a total of 235 watts are absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 77+30 = 107 watts are reflected back into space.Compared to preindustrial times, Greenhouse gases absorb an additional 2.6 watts/m2. This is called Radiative forcing and this is a physContinue ReadingThere is only one fact that matters. It doesnt matter what 97% of scientists say, what Al Gore says or what NASA says. It’s a simple equation: 1: Energy coming in Earth constantly receives 342 watts/m2 of energy by the sun. That’s the average, on the equator it’s more, on the poles it’s less. 2: Energy absorbed Of those 342 watts, a total of 235 watts are absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 77+30 = 107 watts are reflected back into space.Compared to preindustrial times, Greenhouse gases absorb an additional 2.6 watts/m2. This is called Radiative forcing and this is a physical law. Anyone can test the radiative forcings for each gas in school lab. The present radiative forcings of each greenhouse gas (compared to their greenhouse effects in pre-industrial times) are:Carbon dioxide: 1.5 Watts per square meter.Methane: 0.5 Watts per square meter.Nitrous oxide: 0.2 Watts per square meter.Halocarbons: 0.2 Watts per square meter.Water vapor: 0.2 watts per square meterTotal radiative forcings from all greenhouse gases: 2.6 Watts per square meter.3: Energy absorbed through CO2 Since CO2 makes up 1.5 watts/m2 out of the total radiative forcings of 2.6 watts/m2. Thus, at present, carbon dioxide is responsible for 55% of the anthropogenic greenhouse effect, methane is responsible for 18%, nitrous oxide, water vapor and halocarbons for 9% each. This is easy to understand. 4: The consequences This leads to a cascading greenhouse effect that takes decades to centuries to come into full effect:Less iceLots of additional greenhouse gases that were trapped in ice released → higher temperaturesMore darker surface area that reflect less sunlight (6%) and less white areas that reflect more sunlight (60%) → higher temperaturesMore release of CO2 and water vapor from the oceans when the oceans gets warmer → higher temperaturesMore droughts → More forest fires → more co2 → higher temperaturesLess iceLots of additional greenhouse gases that were trapped in ice released → higher temperaturesAnd so forth. This cascading effect repeats itself constantly.Due to this effect, a 1% increase in energy absorption results in increase in energy absorption by 3%. With the increase of energy absorption of 1.1% by 2.6 watts from 235 to 237.6 watts/m2, we can expect an increase in energy absorption by 3.3%. This is where we are at right now and this cascading effect is not reversible for several hundred years even if we stopped all CO2 emissions now, since it takes 200 years on average for CO2 to be reabsorbed by the surface or by the oceans. With another doubling of CO2, we can look at a total increase of 10% in energy absorption. Here is what happens when the sun delivered 10% more energy in the past. It led to an average temperature increase of 4 degrees Celcius.A temperature increase of 4 degrees would make the home of 90% of the world’s population uninhabitable and destroy 90% of arable land.Potentially moving to newly thawn land on the poles is also not feasible, because it takes hundreds to thousands of years for newly thawn land to be solid enough to sustain roads, buildings and to become arable for agriculture. 5: What it is not One of the popular arguments is that water vapor is responsible for the greenhouse effect. It is responsible for 60% of the greenhouse effect, but we cannot contribute to it via human emissions, because human water vapor emissions stay close to the surface and don’t enter the atmospherere.The only way we can contribute to it, is through increased CO2, which heats up oceans and increases water vaporization that goes into the atmosphere.Methane is also a strong greenhouse gas, in fact it is 84 times stronger by volume than CO2. However, its concentration is 250 times less than that of CO2 (0.00017% vs 0.04%). That’s why its contribution to climate change is 5 times less than that of CO2 (4% vs. 26%). Secondly, 80% of the Methane disappears from the atmosphere within 25 years on average while it takes 250 years for 80% of the CO2. So, if we reduced Methane emissions drastically, we would already remove most of its greenhouse effect. However, even if we reduced all CO2 emissions drastically right now, we would not see a reduction of the greenhouse effect and experience the entire cascading effect of CO2 for 200 years. That’s why CO2 is such a bigger problem than Methane or any other greenhouse gas. Read more about this here. How long do greenhouse gases stay in the air? This chart also shows how much the increase in those greenhouse gases increased their heat trapping.Here, just some more of those arguments that shows just how little effort is put into fact-checking:CO2 is a heavy gas, so it sinks in the atmosphere. - Great, that doesn’t change anything.CO2 lags temperature. - Yes, and as explained, it’s not the only cause of climate change (Milankovitch cycles, solar radiation, volcanic, geological activity), but those all remained unchanged while CO2 increased by 40%.Medival Warming Period - This was not a global phenomenon and a tiny temperature change of 0.2 degrees celcius.The temperature records were faked and temperatures in the past were pushed down and pushed up for the recent years so that it appears that the temperature changes were higher. - If you fact check, it turns out this gif just shows the differences for U.S. temperatures vs. global temperatures.Whither U.S. Climate?It was the sun. - No, the sun’s energy sent to earth decreased during the largest temperature increase during the last 200 years while CO2 increased by 40%. This literally only takes 1 minute to fact-check.You’ve seen that people jump on sound bites like “CO2 is a heavy gas that sinks”, “medival warm period”, believe blatantly fake data without any doubt or fact-checking. This is the oldest technique in the book of pseudo-science, overwhelming the reader with 50 arguments, using scientific words and it works, so that they think it’s true and don’t fact check them. Summary Earth receives 324 watts/m2 of energy from the sun constantly. Of those 324 watts, a total of 235 watts is absorbed, 67 watts by the atmosphere, 168 by the surface, and 107 watts are reflected back into space. Greenhouse gases increase the energy absorption of sunlight by 1.1% directly compared to pre-industrial times and by 3.3% overall due to the cascading effect. This increases total absorbed watts/m2 by 7.2 watts/m2 from 235 watts to 242.3 watts/m2. This effect is not reversible even if we stopped all CO2 emissions now, since it takes CO2 200 years on average to be reabsorbed by land or by the ocean. We can only try to slow down the cascading effect. All in all, the recent climate change is man-made and these numbers prove it without a doubt. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Look, people have this idea that scientists are in cahoots with each other to engage in groupthink, hoodwink the public, and get all that federal research money. This merely shows they have no idea how academic/scientific research is conducted, nor anything about an individual scientists ego. Let me be clear: scientists are human beings and many have big egos, and they LOVE to prove each other wrong. Think about you going into work and blowing everyone away with absolute concrete evidence showing youre right. Would feel good, right? Now think of a scientist going into a conference proving thContinue ReadingLook, people have this idea that scientists are in cahoots with each other to engage in groupthink, hoodwink the public, and get all that federal research money. This merely shows they have no idea how academic/scientific research is conducted, nor anything about an individual scientists ego. Let me be clear: scientists are human beings and many have big egos, and they LOVE to prove each other wrong. Think about you going into work and blowing everyone away with absolute concrete evidence showing youre right. Would feel good, right? Now think of a scientist going into a conference proving that 97% of your peer community was full of crap. *sigh* That would be great... Oh, wait- Im sorry, what were we talking about?","Look, people have this idea that scientists are in cahoots with each other to engage in groupthink, hoodwink the public, and get all that federal research money. This merely shows they have no idea how academic/scientific research is conducted, nor anything about an individual scientists ego. Let me be clear: scientists are human beings and many have big egos, and they LOVE to prove each other wrong. Think about you going into work and blowing everyone away with absolute concrete evidence showing youre right. Would feel good, right? Now think of a scientist going into a conference proving thContinue ReadingLook, people have this idea that scientists are in cahoots with each other to engage in groupthink, hoodwink the public, and get all that federal research money. This merely shows they have no idea how academic/scientific research is conducted, nor anything about an individual scientists ego. Let me be clear: scientists are human beings and many have big egos, and they LOVE to prove each other wrong. Think about you going into work and blowing everyone away with absolute concrete evidence showing youre right. Would feel good, right? Now think of a scientist going into a conference proving that 97% of your peer community was full of crap. *sigh* That would be great... Oh, wait- Im sorry, what were we talking about? |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('tell')|","|pal:NRT('if')|","|pal:NRT('girl')|","|pal:NRT('likes')|","you"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"It’s no surprise that girls are harder to read than guys. Especially when it comes to figuring out if they are interested in you. From body language cues, to what she does during conversations. Girls might be tying to leave you hints about their feelings! Being a girl , I can tell a few signs that a girl likes you:HER FRIENDS KNOW ABOUT YOU! This is one of the first sign that a girl likes you. If she brings you around her friends and they already know about you :-p It means she is talking about you. When girls have a new love interest, they brag about them and dish details to whoever is within Continue ReadingIt’s no surprise that girls are harder to read than guys. Especially when it comes to figuring out if they are interested in you. From body language cues, to what she does during conversations. Girls might be tying to leave you hints about their feelings! Being a girl , I can tell a few signs that a girl likes you:HER FRIENDS KNOW ABOUT YOU! This is one of the first sign that a girl likes you. If she brings you around her friends and they already know about you :-p It means she is talking about you. When girls have a new love interest, they brag about them and dish details to whoever is within earshot. Chances are these girls have even read your texts and have been responded to them for her :-p. It’s an even better sign that they are bringing you around their friends because you are going to have to win them over if you want the relationship to progress!BODY LANGUAGE : Compared to boys , girls have a lot more body language clues when they like someone. If you are in a group setting , they will find a way to sit or stand close to you, so you notice her. If she is sitting next to you with her legs crossed and one of them is pointing towards you, it means she likes you!!:-) Girls also tend to tilt their heads slightly or play with her hair when they are talking to someone they like!ASKS ADVICE: Whether it is a friendly advice or math problem! , if a girl likes you , you will suddenly become the go to person for everything! The girl can also show that she respects you and thinks highly of your opinion!DRESSED TO IMPRESS: If a girl knows she is going to run into someone she has a crush on , she is going to dress to impress!! Girls know the way to attract someone is to first be ATTRACTIVE!!. So, if you often notice them dressing up more, it means they may have a crush on you! ;-) If you are interested , be sure to compliment them:-)PHYSICAL TOUCH! This may not be true in all cases! But in case of some girls, if they are comfortable to touch you like holding your arm!, she might be falling for you!EYE CONTACT: Girls are slightly different in making eye contact as compared to guys!! Guys usually stare at the girls they like! But girls are more likely to make an eye contact and quickly break it. And if a girl is doing over and over again this!!, it means they are interested! She may smile or blush after making an eye contact with you!YOU’RE HILARIOUS: Do you feel like you are the star of the show or comedian when she is around? If she laughs at every stupid thing you say or every silly story you say, she is really into you! girls mostly like the boys with a Good Sense of Humor!!:-)SHE HAS YOUR BACK: Girls have great way of defending the people they care about! You can be sure if someone is bad mouthing you, she will have your back and you will fall under her protection umbrella!!:-)","It’s no surprise that girls are harder to read than guys. Especially when it comes to figuring out if they are interested in you. From body language cues, to what she does during conversations. Girls might be tying to leave you hints about their feelings! Being a girl , I can tell a few signs that a girl likes you:HER FRIENDS KNOW ABOUT YOU! This is one of the first sign that a girl likes you. If she brings you around her friends and they already know about you :-p It means she is talking about you. When girls have a new love interest, they brag about them and dish details to whoever is within Continue ReadingIt’s no surprise that girls are harder to read than guys. Especially when it comes to figuring out if they are interested in you. From body language cues, to what she does during conversations. Girls might be tying to leave you hints about their feelings! Being a girl , I can tell a few signs that a girl likes you:HER FRIENDS KNOW ABOUT YOU! This is one of the first sign that a girl likes you. If she brings you around her friends and they already know about you :-p It means she is talking about you. When girls have a new love interest, they brag about them and dish details to whoever is within earshot. Chances are these girls have even read your texts and have been responded to them for her :-p. It’s an even better sign that they are bringing you around their friends because you are going to have to win them over if you want the relationship to progress!BODY LANGUAGE : Compared to boys , girls have a lot more body language clues when they like someone. If you are in a group setting , they will find a way to sit or stand close to you, so you notice her. If she is sitting next to you with her legs crossed and one of them is pointing towards you, it means she likes you!!:-) Girls also tend to tilt their heads slightly or play with her hair when they are talking to someone they like!ASKS ADVICE: Whether it is a friendly advice or math problem! , if a girl likes you , you will suddenly become the go to person for everything! The girl can also show that she respects you and thinks highly of your opinion!DRESSED TO IMPRESS: If a girl knows she is going to run into someone she has a crush on , she is going to dress to impress!! Girls know the way to attract someone is to first be ATTRACTIVE!!. So, if you often notice them dressing up more, it means they may have a crush on you! ;-) If you are interested , be sure to compliment them:-)PHYSICAL TOUCH! This may not be true in all cases! But in case of some girls, if they are comfortable to touch you like holding your arm!, she might be falling for you!EYE CONTACT: Girls are slightly different in making eye contact as compared to guys!! Guys usually stare at the girls they like! But girls are more likely to make an eye contact and quickly break it. And if a girl is doing over and over again this!!, it means they are interested! She may smile or blush after making an eye contact with you!YOU’RE HILARIOUS: Do you feel like you are the star of the show or comedian when she is around? If she laughs at every stupid thing you say or every silly story you say, she is really into you! girls mostly like the boys with a Good Sense of Humor!!:-)SHE HAS YOUR BACK: Girls have great way of defending the people they care about! You can be sure if someone is bad mouthing you, she will have your back and you will fall under her protection umbrella!!:-) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Not sure what those glances, smiles and looks from the girl you fancy might mean? Hoping you have a secret admirer? Follow these steps to find out if the girl you have your heart set on really likes you.1. She gets super awkward in front of you. Her hands get fidgety, she starts playing with her hair, or her phone, with a faint hint of blushing, when you look at her while talking. 2. This one’s not so obvious - she fights with you a lot. And yet, never really leaves you. She’s always making mean, nasty jokes on you, especially on your face. There’s always a battle of wits between the two of Continue ReadingNot sure what those glances, smiles and looks from the girl you fancy might mean? Hoping you have a secret admirer? Follow these steps to find out if the girl you have your heart set on really likes you.1. She gets super awkward in front of you. Her hands get fidgety, she starts playing with her hair, or her phone, with a faint hint of blushing, when you look at her while talking. 2. This one’s not so obvious - she fights with you a lot. And yet, never really leaves you. She’s always making mean, nasty jokes on you, especially on your face. There’s always a battle of wits between the two of you. She does that because she’s in denial and wants to do everything she can to hide her true feelings.3. She is always the first one to respond to anything you say, anything you do. If you want a drink, she’ll go out of her way to make you one. She gives you way more importance than anyone else. 4. She gets hurt over reasons you don’t even understand, over things you don’t even remember saying. It’s because she expects you to love her back but cannot say it out loud! 5. She gives too much importance to what you think of her. Others may judge her wrong and she wouldn’t give a damn, but she cares a lot about what you think of her. And if she doesn’t like your opinion of her, she goes to every length to prove herself to you. She wants you to think the best about her and it’s quite obvious with the way she’s constantly trying to change your opinion.6. She shows a lot of involvement in your life, even more than your best friend. She wants to know everything about you – the kind of rapport you have with your parents, what you do when you’re alone, how many girls you’ve dated, the kind of friends you had in school, what your real passion in life is, your favourite movies, what you like for breakfast – you name it, and she wants to know it.7. She sends you random chat messages and claims it happened by ‘mistake’ just to start a conversation in the middle of the night, while she really was just stalking you on Facebook and waiting for the green icon against your name to light up. She’s always trying too hard to not look eager to talk to you. 8. She laughs at the lamest of jokes you crack, jokes that nobody else finds funny, including yourself. Yeah, that’s adorable. 9. She tries to catch your attention by doing everything possible. She won’t take your calls one random day, she will ditch plans unexpectedly, and she will wander off from the group to take a walk alone when you’re out with your mutual friends, she’ll sit alone at a party pretending she’s really sad about something, hoping you’ll notice and give her some importance.10. She talks to you like any other friend when you meet but as soon as you get back home and chat with her online, she begins to flirt! It’s like, she’s a totally different person on chat. It’s maybe because she can never gather the courage to flirt with you in person. 11. She shows signs of jealously if you talk to other girls. She gets mad at you for giving another girl attention. And to hide her real feelings she always plays the you-don’t-have-time-for-your-friends-anymore card. 12. She tries to find ways to spend some alone time with you, even when you’re in a group. She will drag you along for a long walk with the excuse of going to the ATM when her wallet really is loaded with cash. And, it’s only you she chooses every time to accompany her!Read that somewhere! Your first choice should be asking her out!!","Not sure what those glances, smiles and looks from the girl you fancy might mean? Hoping you have a secret admirer? Follow these steps to find out if the girl you have your heart set on really likes you.1. She gets super awkward in front of you. Her hands get fidgety, she starts playing with her hair, or her phone, with a faint hint of blushing, when you look at her while talking. 2. This one’s not so obvious - she fights with you a lot. And yet, never really leaves you. She’s always making mean, nasty jokes on you, especially on your face. There’s always a battle of wits between the two of Continue ReadingNot sure what those glances, smiles and looks from the girl you fancy might mean? Hoping you have a secret admirer? Follow these steps to find out if the girl you have your heart set on really likes you.1. She gets super awkward in front of you. Her hands get fidgety, she starts playing with her hair, or her phone, with a faint hint of blushing, when you look at her while talking. 2. This one’s not so obvious - she fights with you a lot. And yet, never really leaves you. She’s always making mean, nasty jokes on you, especially on your face. There’s always a battle of wits between the two of you. She does that because she’s in denial and wants to do everything she can to hide her true feelings.3. She is always the first one to respond to anything you say, anything you do. If you want a drink, she’ll go out of her way to make you one. She gives you way more importance than anyone else. 4. She gets hurt over reasons you don’t even understand, over things you don’t even remember saying. It’s because she expects you to love her back but cannot say it out loud! 5. She gives too much importance to what you think of her. Others may judge her wrong and she wouldn’t give a damn, but she cares a lot about what you think of her. And if she doesn’t like your opinion of her, she goes to every length to prove herself to you. She wants you to think the best about her and it’s quite obvious with the way she’s constantly trying to change your opinion.6. She shows a lot of involvement in your life, even more than your best friend. She wants to know everything about you – the kind of rapport you have with your parents, what you do when you’re alone, how many girls you’ve dated, the kind of friends you had in school, what your real passion in life is, your favourite movies, what you like for breakfast – you name it, and she wants to know it.7. She sends you random chat messages and claims it happened by ‘mistake’ just to start a conversation in the middle of the night, while she really was just stalking you on Facebook and waiting for the green icon against your name to light up. She’s always trying too hard to not look eager to talk to you. 8. She laughs at the lamest of jokes you crack, jokes that nobody else finds funny, including yourself. Yeah, that’s adorable. 9. She tries to catch your attention by doing everything possible. She won’t take your calls one random day, she will ditch plans unexpectedly, and she will wander off from the group to take a walk alone when you’re out with your mutual friends, she’ll sit alone at a party pretending she’s really sad about something, hoping you’ll notice and give her some importance.10. She talks to you like any other friend when you meet but as soon as you get back home and chat with her online, she begins to flirt! It’s like, she’s a totally different person on chat. It’s maybe because she can never gather the courage to flirt with you in person. 11. She shows signs of jealously if you talk to other girls. She gets mad at you for giving another girl attention. And to hide her real feelings she always plays the you-don’t-have-time-for-your-friends-anymore card. 12. She tries to find ways to spend some alone time with you, even when you’re in a group. She will drag you along for a long walk with the excuse of going to the ATM when her wallet really is loaded with cash. And, it’s only you she chooses every time to accompany her!Read that somewhere! Your first choice should be asking her out!! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It goes like this... 1. You see her. 2. You immediately approach. Dont look for BS signals, messages, whatever or your brain will play some hollywood movie of Doomsday, with forecasts of what may happen, what could happen and what it doesnt happen. In seconds, your brain will start all kinds of stories... I wouldnt do that. Shes so out of your league. She looks too hot for you. Not the right time because the light from the window is not aligned to the speck of dust on the wood. OOoh, remember what happened last time. Oh yeah. Nothing because your a wuss, a pusssy. And you are going to apprContinue ReadingIt goes like this... 1. You see her. 2. You immediately approach. Dont look for BS signals, messages, whatever or your brain will play some hollywood movie of Doomsday, with forecasts of what may happen, what could happen and what it doesnt happen. In seconds, your brain will start all kinds of stories... I wouldnt do that. Shes so out of your league. She looks too hot for you. Not the right time because the light from the window is not aligned to the speck of dust on the wood. OOoh, remember what happened last time. Oh yeah. Nothing because your a wuss, a pusssy. And you are going to approach her? Hahahahaha. Dont make me laugh. She looks busy. Look at the frown on her face. Shell humilate you in front of everyone. Her friends will talk about you. She will reject you. Youll screw up and everyone will know So dont stop. Approach her immediately when you see her. No excuses.  And..be fun, serious. Dont be romantic and all serious. Just relax and... 3. Say hi, and how you was walking to (cafeteria, whatever) and you saw her and you think shes attractive. (PAUSE)......but good looks so common. So you like to get to know her more over a drink (or a walk, whatever). You show your interest. Youre direct. You are not giving mixed signals and you are not going to waste your time either like most average chumps pretending to be friends to get into pants. Instead youre going to be confident and say it, so you can move on if its a no. If she says yes, then thats how you know shes interested. Thats how. Not signals, smile, eye contact and all that. Then you get her number and sort it out. She has shown she is interested. If she says no, busy, not into dating, not into relationship, or even acts like she got some game to play hard to get with Ill think about it then....take it as a no. Then walk away. Have self respect. Planet is full of girls.","t goes like this... 1. You see her. 2. You immediately approach. Dont look for BS signals, messages, whatever or your brain will play some hollywood movie of Doomsday, with forecasts of what may happen, what could happen and what it doesnt happen. In seconds, your brain will start all kinds of stories... I wouldnt do that. Shes so out of your league. She looks too hot for you. Not the right time because the light from the window is not aligned to the speck of dust on the wood. OOoh, remember what happened last time. Oh yeah. Nothing because your a wuss, a pusssy. And you are going to apprContinue ReadingIt goes like this... 1. You see her. 2. You immediately approach. Dont look for BS signals, messages, whatever or your brain will play some hollywood movie of Doomsday, with forecasts of what may happen, what could happen and what it doesnt happen. In seconds, your brain will start all kinds of stories... I wouldnt do that. Shes so out of your league. She looks too hot for you. Not the right time because the light from the window is not aligned to the speck of dust on the wood. OOoh, remember what happened last time. Oh yeah. Nothing because your a wuss, a pusssy. And you are going to approach her? Hahahahaha. Dont make me laugh. She looks busy. Look at the frown on her face. Shell humilate you in front of everyone. Her friends will talk about you. She will reject you. Youll screw up and everyone will know So dont stop. Approach her immediately when you see her. No excuses.  And..be fun, serious. Dont be romantic and all serious. Just relax and... 3. Say hi, and how you was walking to (cafeteria, whatever) and you saw her and you think shes attractive. (PAUSE)......but good looks so common. So you like to get to know her more over a drink (or a walk, whatever). You show your interest. Youre direct. You are not giving mixed signals and you are not going to waste your time either like most average chumps pretending to be friends to get into pants. Instead youre going to be confident and say it, so you can move on if its a no. If she says yes, then thats how you know shes interested. Thats how. Not signals, smile, eye contact and all that. Then you get her number and sort it out. She has shown she is interested. If she says no, busy, not into dating, not into relationship, or even acts like she got some game to play hard to get with Ill think about it then....take it as a no. Then walk away. Have self respect. Planet is full of girls. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If a girl likes you, she will put you on the very top on her priority list. She will make time for you when you want to meet. She will reply you immediately if you text her. She will be happier than you if you have a good news. She will be very worried if you are sick. Look into her eyes. Observe her smile and body language. Small details tell everything.","f a girl likes you, she will put you on the very top on her priority list. She will make time for you when you want to meet. She will reply you immediately if you text her. She will be happier than you if you have a good news. She will be very worried if you are sick. Look into her eyes. Observe her smile and body language. Small details tell everything. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('prime')|","number"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"In the positive integers, a prime number is a number that has exactly two divisors. In more general settings where you have reasonable notions of addition and multiplication, a number [math]p[/math] is prime if and only if it satisfies the following three conditions:[math]p[/math] is not zero.Theres no [math]q[/math] such that [math]pq = 1[/math].If [math]p[/math] divides the product [math]ab[/math], then either [math]p[/math] divides [math]a[/math] or [math]p[/math] divides [math]b[/math].This turns out to be the set of conditions that makes unique factorization work in these more general settings, and there are other reasons to think that its the right definition as well.","n the positive integers, a prime number is a number that has exactly two divisors. In more general settings where you have reasonable notions of addition and multiplication, a number [math]p[/math] is prime if and only if it satisfies the following three conditions:[math]p[/math] is not zero.Theres no [math]q[/math] such that [math]pq = 1[/math].If [math]p[/math] divides the product [math]ab[/math], then either [math]p[/math] divides [math]a[/math] or [math]p[/math] divides [math]b[/math].This turns out to be the set of conditions that makes unique factorization work in these more general settings, and there are other reasons to think that its the right definition as well. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A natural number which is divisible only by itself, and 1 (of course), is considered a prime number. Mathematically, any number which has only 1 and the number itself as its factors is called Prime Number. eg. 3 [3 is divisible only by 3 and 1]eg. 7 [7 is divisible only by 7 and 1] 6 is not a prime number as it is divisible by 3 and 2 other than 6 and 1. 2 is the only even prime number. Speculation of whether 1 is included in the list of prime numbers is pretty trivial."," natural number which is divisible only by itself, and 1 (of course), is considered a prime number. Mathematically, any number which has only 1 and the number itself as its factors is called Prime Number. eg. 3 [3 is divisible only by 3 and 1]eg. 7 [7 is divisible only by 7 and 1] 6 is not a prime number as it is divisible by 3 and 2 other than 6 and 1. 2 is the only even prime number. Speculation of whether 1 is included in the list of prime numbers is pretty trivial. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A prime number is a positive integer that has exactly two positive integer factors, 1 and itself. For example, if we list the factors of 28, we have 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. Thats six factors. If we list the factors of 29, we only have 1 and 29. Thats two factors. So we say that 29 is a prime number, but 28 aren’t. Another way of saying this is that a prime number is a positive integer that is not the product of two smaller positive integers. Note that the definition of a prime number doesnt allow 1 to be a prime number: 1 only has one factor, namely 1. Prime numbers have exactly two factors, Continue ReadingA prime number is a positive integer that has exactly two positive integer factors, 1 and itself. For example, if we list the factors of 28, we have 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. Thats six factors. If we list the factors of 29, we only have 1 and 29. Thats two factors. So we say that 29 is a prime number, but 28 aren’t. Another way of saying this is that a prime number is a positive integer that is not the product of two smaller positive integers. Note that the definition of a prime number doesnt allow 1 to be a prime number: 1 only has one factor, namely 1. Prime numbers have exactly two factors, not at most two or anything like that. When a number has more than two factors it is called a composite number. Here are the first few prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, 59, 61, 67, 71, 73, 79, 83, 89, 97, 101, 103, 107, 109, 113, 127, 131, 137, 139, 149, 151, 157, 163, 167, 173, 179, 181, 191, 193, 197, 199, etc.  ","A prime number is a positive integer that has exactly two positive integer factors, 1 and itself. For example, if we list the factors of 28, we have 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. Thats six factors. If we list the factors of 29, we only have 1 and 29. Thats two factors. So we say that 29 is a prime number, but 28 aren’t. Another way of saying this is that a prime number is a positive integer that is not the product of two smaller positive integers. Note that the definition of a prime number doesnt allow 1 to be a prime number: 1 only has one factor, namely 1. Prime numbers have exactly two factors, Continue ReadingA prime number is a positive integer that has exactly two positive integer factors, 1 and itself. For example, if we list the factors of 28, we have 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. Thats six factors. If we list the factors of 29, we only have 1 and 29. Thats two factors. So we say that 29 is a prime number, but 28 aren’t. Another way of saying this is that a prime number is a positive integer that is not the product of two smaller positive integers. Note that the definition of a prime number doesnt allow 1 to be a prime number: 1 only has one factor, namely 1. Prime numbers have exactly two factors, not at most two or anything like that. When a number has more than two factors it is called a composite number. Here are the first few prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, 59, 61, 67, 71, 73, 79, 83, 89, 97, 101, 103, 107, 109, 113, 127, 131, 137, 139, 149, 151, 157, 163, 167, 173, 179, 181, 191, 193, 197, 199, etc.   |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","girlfriend"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"The best way I know of to find a girlfriend is to develop the qualities in yourself that make people want to be with you. Picture your perfect girlfriend in your head. Think about everything you would want in a partner. Now imagine her standing right there in front of you, in the flesh. Imagine that she has just walked up to you. Got that image in your head? Okay, good. Now answer this question: Why wContinue ReadingThe best way I know of to find a girlfriend is to develop the qualities in yourself that make people want to be with you. Picture your perfect girlfriend in your head. Think about everything you would want in a partner. Now imagine her standing right there in front of you, in the flesh. Imagine that she has just walked up to you. Got that image in your head? Okay, good. Now answer this question: Why would she want to be with you? What qualities do you have that would make you a good boyfriend? If you cant answer that question, theres your problem. You do not “get” a girlfriend. That is not how it happens. Two people decide to be together when they each conclude that the other person would be a good partner to be with. A lot of horny, desperate guys spend a lot of time and energy thinking about what they want. “I want a hot girlfriend. I want someone sexy. I want someone cute....","he best way I know of to find a girlfriend is to develop the qualities in yourself that make people want to be with you. Picture your perfect girlfriend in your head. Think about everything you would want in a partner. Now imagine her standing right there in front of you, in the flesh. Imagine that she has just walked up to you. Got that image in your head? Okay, good. Now answer this question: Why wContinue ReadingThe best way I know of to find a girlfriend is to develop the qualities in yourself that make people want to be with you. Picture your perfect girlfriend in your head. Think about everything you would want in a partner. Now imagine her standing right there in front of you, in the flesh. Imagine that she has just walked up to you. Got that image in your head? Okay, good. Now answer this question: Why would she want to be with you? What qualities do you have that would make you a good boyfriend? If you cant answer that question, theres your problem. You do not “get” a girlfriend. That is not how it happens. Two people decide to be together when they each conclude that the other person would be a good partner to be with. A lot of horny, desperate guys spend a lot of time and energy thinking about what they want. “I want a hot girlfriend. I want someone sexy. I want someone cute.... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To get a girlfriend, you need to: Meet more girls. Youre not going to want to date most of them. Most of them arent going to want to date you. You need to meet lots of people all the time in order to find one youre compatible with.Where do you meet girls? In places where girls go. Like baguette places. Yoga studios. Fro-yo stores. But also places like churches, trains, and professional events. You can meet the woman of your dreams anywhere. You will meet more people when you go to more classes, parties, talks and events. You will meet people if you make good eye contact, take initiative Continue ReadingTo get a girlfriend, you need to: Meet more girls. Youre not going to want to date most of them. Most of them arent going to want to date you. You need to meet lots of people all the time in order to find one youre compatible with.Where do you meet girls? In places where girls go. Like baguette places. Yoga studios. Fro-yo stores. But also places like churches, trains, and professional events. You can meet the woman of your dreams anywhere. You will meet more people when you go to more classes, parties, talks and events. You will meet people if you make good eye contact, take initiative and introduce yourself. Dont worry about having an awesome opening line -- if theres an attraction/spark, it wont matter what you say. (Youll have time to redeem  yourself later -- but if you dont say hi, youll never even get the chance to do that, so...)As John Steinbeck once wrote, a great way to meet people is by getting lost. Next time you need directions or a recommendation for a good place to eat, put your stupid smart phone away and ASK a real, live person where to go. I dont have a smart phone, so I have to ask whether I like it or not. And you have no idea how many great friends Ive made this way. Proximity. Its the number one factor in determining liking. So be in proximity with lots of people/women. Apartments, gyms, work, etc. The mere exposure effect states that the more someone sees you, the more they will like you. So see and be seen.Make an effort. Youre shy, so its going to be harder for you to make gestures than maybe it would be for someone else. But if you dont show interest/effort, the girl either wont know youre interested, or wont care. Dont go overboard and scare her, but be sweet and thoughtful and respectful. If you want to see her again, dont push the physical stuff, or she will think youre an asshole. Dont force it. If shes not right for you, shes not right for you. Dont waste your time. You cant change her. Maybe shed make a great friend, though. And if she doesnt like you, theres probably not much you can do (short of making a ton of money or getting a different girl to be your girlfriend) to change her mind. If you text her a lot and she doesnt respond, give her time to write back. Either she will, or she wont. If youre not meeting people in real life, theres nothing terribly wrong or stigmatizing about online dating. Ive never done it, so I cant speak from personal experience. Plus Im a girl, so its different. But I know a lot of dudes its worked reasonably well for. Youre a techie, so no ones going to judge you for it.  Do what  User-13208533930377548175 says.Do what User-11053712607465991520 says. You can even do what Colin D. Welch says.","o get a girlfriend, you need to: Meet more girls. Youre not going to want to date most of them. Most of them arent going to want to date you. You need to meet lots of people all the time in order to find one youre compatible with.Where do you meet girls? In places where girls go. Like baguette places. Yoga studios. Fro-yo stores. But also places like churches, trains, and professional events. You can meet the woman of your dreams anywhere. You will meet more people when you go to more classes, parties, talks and events. You will meet people if you make good eye contact, take initiative Continue ReadingTo get a girlfriend, you need to: Meet more girls. Youre not going to want to date most of them. Most of them arent going to want to date you. You need to meet lots of people all the time in order to find one youre compatible with.Where do you meet girls? In places where girls go. Like baguette places. Yoga studios. Fro-yo stores. But also places like churches, trains, and professional events. You can meet the woman of your dreams anywhere. You will meet more people when you go to more classes, parties, talks and events. You will meet people if you make good eye contact, take initiative and introduce yourself. Dont worry about having an awesome opening line -- if theres an attraction/spark, it wont matter what you say. (Youll have time to redeem  yourself later -- but if you dont say hi, youll never even get the chance to do that, so...)As John Steinbeck once wrote, a great way to meet people is by getting lost. Next time you need directions or a recommendation for a good place to eat, put your stupid smart phone away and ASK a real, live person where to go. I dont have a smart phone, so I have to ask whether I like it or not. And you have no idea how many great friends Ive made this way. Proximity. Its the number one factor in determining liking. So be in proximity with lots of people/women. Apartments, gyms, work, etc. The mere exposure effect states that the more someone sees you, the more they will like you. So see and be seen.Make an effort. Youre shy, so its going to be harder for you to make gestures than maybe it would be for someone else. But if you dont show interest/effort, the girl either wont know youre interested, or wont care. Dont go overboard and scare her, but be sweet and thoughtful and respectful. If you want to see her again, dont push the physical stuff, or she will think youre an asshole. Dont force it. If shes not right for you, shes not right for you. Dont waste your time. You cant change her. Maybe shed make a great friend, though. And if she doesnt like you, theres probably not much you can do (short of making a ton of money or getting a different girl to be your girlfriend) to change her mind. If you text her a lot and she doesnt respond, give her time to write back. Either she will, or she wont. If youre not meeting people in real life, theres nothing terribly wrong or stigmatizing about online dating. Ive never done it, so I cant speak from personal experience. Plus Im a girl, so its different. But I know a lot of dudes its worked reasonably well for. Youre a techie, so no ones going to judge you for it.  Do what  User-13208533930377548175 says.Do what User-11053712607465991520 says. You can even do what Colin D. Welch says. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Dont try to meet a girlfriend. Try to meet women. Theres a big problem with trying to meet a girlfriend: in order for it to happen, the other person has to agree. Since you cant control another persons mind, this means youre structuring your goal around inputs that you cant control. Not only will this be frustrating for you, it will encourage you to behave in a manipulative and controlling way. This will turn most women off at best and attract an abusive relationship at worst. When youre planning your goals, try not to set any goals that arent 100% in your control. When youre sending meContinue ReadingDont try to meet a girlfriend. Try to meet women. Theres a big problem with trying to meet a girlfriend: in order for it to happen, the other person has to agree. Since you cant control another persons mind, this means youre structuring your goal around inputs that you cant control. Not only will this be frustrating for you, it will encourage you to behave in a manipulative and controlling way. This will turn most women off at best and attract an abusive relationship at worst. When youre planning your goals, try not to set any goals that arent 100% in your control. When youre sending messages on your dating site, you arent looking to schedule three dates; youre looking to send ten messages. You cant control whether the women you reach out to say yes, but you can control whether you ask. So ask. Make your goals success contingent on whether or not you do the difficult thing, not on whether or not the difficult thing results in something positive. Similarly, when you go out to a bar, you arent going to get laid; youre going to meet people and have fun. Perhaps you can set the goal Im going to learn the most interesting thing about five strangers tonight. If youre at a dance club, you might set the goal Im going to invite seven different women to dance. It doesnt matter if they say yes; all that matters is you make the move. Over the course of these nights out, youll probably meet women you have chemistry with. Awesome. You can hook up, plan dates, or whatever. Sometimes you wont. Thats ok too. Because of the way youre structuring your goals, you are still successful. As you practice showing your interest in women, it stops being so scary. Youre no longer some guy trying to find a woman wholl let you consume her sex; youre the guy bringing the fun. Youre eager to talk to the women you meet and youre comfortable asking them on dates because youre not invested in the outcome. Youre not trying to get them to say yes; youre just trying to check off your three invitations for the night. If they work out, thats a bonus, but not required. Once you have this outcome independent mentality, its just a matter of putting yourself in positions to meet lots of women. Women are everywhere. Try out for community theater. Start taking dance classes. Take martial arts classes. Take a cooking class. You wont be able to help but meet women. The more the activity encourages you to talk with each other, or better yet, touch each other, the more it will encourage the development of chemistry. Once you know you like her, its then just a matter of asking her on a private date. If you keep liking one of these women youve asked out, you keep going out with each other. Eventually you like spending time with each other so much that you find yourself not wanting to spend time with anyone else. You start having sex, making long-term plans together, and eventually have the conversation when you agree to be an exclusive couple. Or not. Maybe you decide on another arrangement. Theres no prescription ahead of time saying the best relationship with the women you meet has to be boyfriend-girlfriend. Once again, youre exploring. Dont define the outcome ahead of time; let things evolve naturally. As long as youre expressing your attraction authentically and putting yourself in a position to meet lots of women, odds are you will eventually meet someone wholl be interested in a relationship with you. Yes, there are ways to improve the odds, like living a more interesting lifestyle, working out, improving your fashion, and so on, but its the going out and expressing authentic interest that matter most. Everything else is gravy. Good luck.","ont try to meet a girlfriend. Try to meet women. Theres a big problem with trying to meet a girlfriend: in order for it to happen, the other person has to agree. Since you cant control another persons mind, this means youre structuring your goal around inputs that you cant control. Not only will this be frustrating for you, it will encourage you to behave in a manipulative and controlling way. This will turn most women off at best and attract an abusive relationship at worst. When youre planning your goals, try not to set any goals that arent 100% in your control. When youre sending meContinue ReadingDont try to meet a girlfriend. Try to meet women. Theres a big problem with trying to meet a girlfriend: in order for it to happen, the other person has to agree. Since you cant control another persons mind, this means youre structuring your goal around inputs that you cant control. Not only will this be frustrating for you, it will encourage you to behave in a manipulative and controlling way. This will turn most women off at best and attract an abusive relationship at worst. When youre planning your goals, try not to set any goals that arent 100% in your control. When youre sending messages on your dating site, you arent looking to schedule three dates; youre looking to send ten messages. You cant control whether the women you reach out to say yes, but you can control whether you ask. So ask. Make your goals success contingent on whether or not you do the difficult thing, not on whether or not the difficult thing results in something positive. Similarly, when you go out to a bar, you arent going to get laid; youre going to meet people and have fun. Perhaps you can set the goal Im going to learn the most interesting thing about five strangers tonight. If youre at a dance club, you might set the goal Im going to invite seven different women to dance. It doesnt matter if they say yes; all that matters is you make the move. Over the course of these nights out, youll probably meet women you have chemistry with. Awesome. You can hook up, plan dates, or whatever. Sometimes you wont. Thats ok too. Because of the way youre structuring your goals, you are still successful. As you practice showing your interest in women, it stops being so scary. Youre no longer some guy trying to find a woman wholl let you consume her sex; youre the guy bringing the fun. Youre eager to talk to the women you meet and youre comfortable asking them on dates because youre not invested in the outcome. Youre not trying to get them to say yes; youre just trying to check off your three invitations for the night. If they work out, thats a bonus, but not required. Once you have this outcome independent mentality, its just a matter of putting yourself in positions to meet lots of women. Women are everywhere. Try out for community theater. Start taking dance classes. Take martial arts classes. Take a cooking class. You wont be able to help but meet women. The more the activity encourages you to talk with each other, or better yet, touch each other, the more it will encourage the development of chemistry. Once you know you like her, its then just a matter of asking her on a private date. If you keep liking one of these women youve asked out, you keep going out with each other. Eventually you like spending time with each other so much that you find yourself not wanting to spend time with anyone else. You start having sex, making long-term plans together, and eventually have the conversation when you agree to be an exclusive couple. Or not. Maybe you decide on another arrangement. Theres no prescription ahead of time saying the best relationship with the women you meet has to be boyfriend-girlfriend. Once again, youre exploring. Dont define the outcome ahead of time; let things evolve naturally. As long as youre expressing your attraction authentically and putting yourself in a position to meet lots of women, odds are you will eventually meet someone wholl be interested in a relationship with you. Yes, there are ways to improve the odds, like living a more interesting lifestyle, working out, improving your fashion, and so on, but its the going out and expressing authentic interest that matter most. Everything else is gravy. Good luck. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","boyfriend"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Have a proper childhood first…","Have a proper childhood first… |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hi there :) You want a boyfriend... For a serious relationship... How do you get one?Thats an intense area of focus. While getting a boyfriend isnt terribly difficult (you can just throw yourself out there and wait to see who smacks you bottom), getting one for a serious relationship is so much harder.One thing we have to recognize is that the term man-child is becoming more and more apparent as the times move forward. People, once they have grown up, dont want to be grown-ups; they still want to be kids. They want to have fun and play around, and make tons of mistakes, and not have Continue ReadingHi there :) You want a boyfriend... For a serious relationship... How do you get one?Thats an intense area of focus. While getting a boyfriend isnt terribly difficult (you can just throw yourself out there and wait to see who smacks you bottom), getting one for a serious relationship is so much harder.One thing we have to recognize is that the term man-child is becoming more and more apparent as the times move forward. People, once they have grown up, dont want to be grown-ups; they still want to be kids. They want to have fun and play around, and make tons of mistakes, and not have to suffer for it... It makes people rash, irrational, irresponsible, and potentially easy to fail you if the going gets tough. Granted, this isnt the case for EVERYONE out there; but it does count for a majority population.So... First thing you want to do is IGNORE getting the boyfriend part... Thats the easy part (I dont care what you say, it is the easy part). What you need to do is to determing what a serious relationship is, to you. Being serious requires a lot of maturity; this is off-set by the aforementioned man-children... men-children? Would man-childs plural apply to the man, the child, or both? Hmm... Anyways... Its really hard to find someone mature enough to handle a serious relationship early in their life. It takes experience, and plenty of hardships, to help someone gain enough maturity and/or wisdom to be considered serious. So... Where do you start? I would highly recommend, hold off on the boyfriend until you reach your mid twenties. Yeah, thats a long time for many people... But for most, earlier than that theyll tend to want to focus on partying, or doing the things that only adults can do (clubbing, alcohol, drugs, etc.). This will rear its ugly head when you want help cleaning up after said party first-thing in the morning. So yeah, wait for a bit of time. The older the man, the more experience hes had... Therefore, you have a fairly good chance of finding someone with restraint enough to know when enough is enough.Next... Work. A man with an income is a very beneficial target; even more-so if you, yourself, are working too. Try checking out some of the guys in your workplace, as theyll be the easiest to relate to with regards to the world as a whole. Open up and chat with them, maybe check out some of the stuff they talk about... Who knows, you might like playing Grand Theft Auto: N.Korea. After a little socializing, you could make friends with some of them, and maybe even expand to hanging about with them after work.Finally... Personality. While ugly guys arent necessarily the cream of the crop, some of them can be very respectful people overall. So dont let the physical appearances get to you. Granted, there are some circumstances where it could be deemed... Difficult... To find the guy attractive; but dont give up on him. Perhaps offer assistance, or keep open the friendship barrier with the possibility of future prospects with him? Either way, try and get a guy who has similar interests as you... But is also someone slightly different. The reasons for this would be that people from the other sides of life from you are ones who can both help you to experience, and help protect you from, your weaknesses... In a controlled manner. If you cant swim, for example, having a partner who is a good swimmer can fill you with confidence that being near water wouldnt be too much of a problem if you accidentally fell in. Now do you see why I said to wait?Its painful for many women to wait, especially when they look at their biological clocks. Having to deal with menstruation, the everyday stresses and jealousy that can come from a life without that other half that some people just inherit from existence... You know the ones Im talking about. The first love forever types... Its strange, but it happens.Life throws some really weird curve balls at you... But so long as you take the time to allow both yourself, and your prospective boyfriend, some time to grow before committing... Youll actually be helping BOTH of you out in the long run. And if all of the above sounds like too much hassle and youre primarily looking for the experience of a serious relationship early in life... Just be sure that the guys youre checking out are smart and capable. Enthusiastic, progressive, accepting, etc. So many positive traits that can secure someones position. Just dont rush in; thats the immediate tactic to potential failure. I hope this helps, and good luck finding your White Knight :)","Hi there :) You want a boyfriend... For a serious relationship... How do you get one?Thats an intense area of focus. While getting a boyfriend isnt terribly difficult (you can just throw yourself out there and wait to see who smacks you bottom), getting one for a serious relationship is so much harder.One thing we have to recognize is that the term man-child is becoming more and more apparent as the times move forward. People, once they have grown up, dont want to be grown-ups; they still want to be kids. They want to have fun and play around, and make tons of mistakes, and not have Continue ReadingHi there :) You want a boyfriend... For a serious relationship... How do you get one?Thats an intense area of focus. While getting a boyfriend isnt terribly difficult (you can just throw yourself out there and wait to see who smacks you bottom), getting one for a serious relationship is so much harder.One thing we have to recognize is that the term man-child is becoming more and more apparent as the times move forward. People, once they have grown up, dont want to be grown-ups; they still want to be kids. They want to have fun and play around, and make tons of mistakes, and not have to suffer for it... It makes people rash, irrational, irresponsible, and potentially easy to fail you if the going gets tough. Granted, this isnt the case for EVERYONE out there; but it does count for a majority population.So... First thing you want to do is IGNORE getting the boyfriend part... Thats the easy part (I dont care what you say, it is the easy part). What you need to do is to determing what a serious relationship is, to you. Being serious requires a lot of maturity; this is off-set by the aforementioned man-children... men-children? Would man-childs plural apply to the man, the child, or both? Hmm... Anyways... Its really hard to find someone mature enough to handle a serious relationship early in their life. It takes experience, and plenty of hardships, to help someone gain enough maturity and/or wisdom to be considered serious. So... Where do you start? I would highly recommend, hold off on the boyfriend until you reach your mid twenties. Yeah, thats a long time for many people... But for most, earlier than that theyll tend to want to focus on partying, or doing the things that only adults can do (clubbing, alcohol, drugs, etc.). This will rear its ugly head when you want help cleaning up after said party first-thing in the morning. So yeah, wait for a bit of time. The older the man, the more experience hes had... Therefore, you have a fairly good chance of finding someone with restraint enough to know when enough is enough.Next... Work. A man with an income is a very beneficial target; even more-so if you, yourself, are working too. Try checking out some of the guys in your workplace, as theyll be the easiest to relate to with regards to the world as a whole. Open up and chat with them, maybe check out some of the stuff they talk about... Who knows, you might like playing Grand Theft Auto: N.Korea. After a little socializing, you could make friends with some of them, and maybe even expand to hanging about with them after work.Finally... Personality. While ugly guys arent necessarily the cream of the crop, some of them can be very respectful people overall. So dont let the physical appearances get to you. Granted, there are some circumstances where it could be deemed... Difficult... To find the guy attractive; but dont give up on him. Perhaps offer assistance, or keep open the friendship barrier with the possibility of future prospects with him? Either way, try and get a guy who has similar interests as you... But is also someone slightly different. The reasons for this would be that people from the other sides of life from you are ones who can both help you to experience, and help protect you from, your weaknesses... In a controlled manner. If you cant swim, for example, having a partner who is a good swimmer can fill you with confidence that being near water wouldnt be too much of a problem if you accidentally fell in. Now do you see why I said to wait?Its painful for many women to wait, especially when they look at their biological clocks. Having to deal with menstruation, the everyday stresses and jealousy that can come from a life without that other half that some people just inherit from existence... You know the ones Im talking about. The first love forever types... Its strange, but it happens.Life throws some really weird curve balls at you... But so long as you take the time to allow both yourself, and your prospective boyfriend, some time to grow before committing... Youll actually be helping BOTH of you out in the long run. And if all of the above sounds like too much hassle and youre primarily looking for the experience of a serious relationship early in life... Just be sure that the guys youre checking out are smart and capable. Enthusiastic, progressive, accepting, etc. So many positive traits that can secure someones position. Just dont rush in; thats the immediate tactic to potential failure. I hope this helps, and good luck finding your White Knight :) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('i')|","|pal:NRT('need')|","girlfriend"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"You asked this question probably because you dont have a girlfriend...Truth is... when you are single you see only happy couples, and when u are committed you only see happy singles...So enjoy being single. :P","You asked this question probably because you dont have a girlfriend...Truth is... when you are single you see only happy couples, and when u are committed you only see happy singles...So enjoy being single. :P |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well, from your description you seem like a sensible guy who has more to life than just running behind girls.No, you dont need a girlfriend. But it would be good to have one. Sure, all the lovey-dovey stuff is sweet and nice and everything, but the real part starts after that - after all the novelty dies out. 20s are a time to get yourself up and work hard on 3 things ALL AT A TIME.One - yourself. Everyone gets a degree, and everyone grows in age - how different are you? Grow in your tastes and thoughts. Grow in humility - one thing our education does not teach us is that its okay to make miContinue ReadingWell, from your description you seem like a sensible guy who has more to life than just running behind girls.No, you dont need a girlfriend. But it would be good to have one. Sure, all the lovey-dovey stuff is sweet and nice and everything, but the real part starts after that - after all the novelty dies out. 20s are a time to get yourself up and work hard on 3 things ALL AT A TIME.One - yourself. Everyone gets a degree, and everyone grows in age - how different are you? Grow in your tastes and thoughts. Grow in humility - one thing our education does not teach us is that its okay to make mistakes and own them (we only learn to hide them). Competing with yourself, looking beyond societys hypocrisy, and giving generously - these qualities lead to sustainable success in later life and must be taken up now. (No, I am not rambling, I am getting to the point.) Two - your career. Study, work, be honest to yourself and the one you work for. Three - Relationships. This is where your partner comes in. In your 20s you are still malleable, adjustable, and open to lifestyles and ideologies different than your own. I have friends who have gotten into relationships in their late 20s/ early 30s and they find it tonnes harder to settle down with someone who is not like them - no matter how liberal we are, our ideas start becoming concrete now on. So get that partner - beauty, smartness etc. is all fine - I dont wanna get into that. But make sure she is a positive addition to the first 2 points, and a support for your other relationships as well (point 3, here itself). Dont go searching actively - the best things are not searched but found. But when you come close to someone who fits your description of a girlfriend, think of this - are all the efforts put into impressing this girl going to get you one, two and three? If yes, then its green - you need this girl.If not - you dont need her. In short - you dont need to have a girlfriend. You simply need to keep your eyes open for a partner.","ell, from your description you seem like a sensible guy who has more to life than just running behind girls.No, you dont need a girlfriend. But it would be good to have one. Sure, all the lovey-dovey stuff is sweet and nice and everything, but the real part starts after that - after all the novelty dies out. 20s are a time to get yourself up and work hard on 3 things ALL AT A TIME.One - yourself. Everyone gets a degree, and everyone grows in age - how different are you? Grow in your tastes and thoughts. Grow in humility - one thing our education does not teach us is that its okay to make miContinue ReadingWell, from your description you seem like a sensible guy who has more to life than just running behind girls.No, you dont need a girlfriend. But it would be good to have one. Sure, all the lovey-dovey stuff is sweet and nice and everything, but the real part starts after that - after all the novelty dies out. 20s are a time to get yourself up and work hard on 3 things ALL AT A TIME.One - yourself. Everyone gets a degree, and everyone grows in age - how different are you? Grow in your tastes and thoughts. Grow in humility - one thing our education does not teach us is that its okay to make mistakes and own them (we only learn to hide them). Competing with yourself, looking beyond societys hypocrisy, and giving generously - these qualities lead to sustainable success in later life and must be taken up now. (No, I am not rambling, I am getting to the point.) Two - your career. Study, work, be honest to yourself and the one you work for. Three - Relationships. This is where your partner comes in. In your 20s you are still malleable, adjustable, and open to lifestyles and ideologies different than your own. I have friends who have gotten into relationships in their late 20s/ early 30s and they find it tonnes harder to settle down with someone who is not like them - no matter how liberal we are, our ideas start becoming concrete now on. So get that partner - beauty, smartness etc. is all fine - I dont wanna get into that. But make sure she is a positive addition to the first 2 points, and a support for your other relationships as well (point 3, here itself). Dont go searching actively - the best things are not searched but found. But when you come close to someone who fits your description of a girlfriend, think of this - are all the efforts put into impressing this girl going to get you one, two and three? If yes, then its green - you need this girl.If not - you dont need her. In short - you dont need to have a girlfriend. You simply need to keep your eyes open for a partner. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('i')|","|pal:NRT('need')|","boyfriend"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"You want someone to love you.You want someone to listen to you.You want someone to hold you.You want someone to be your soulmate.You are a human being.You are perfectly normal.","ou want someone to love you.You want someone to listen to you.You want someone to hold you.You want someone to be your soulmate.You are a human being.You are perfectly normal. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Good question. Why any girl need boyfriend? Most of the people think they are good alone. That might be right. It is absolutely not necessary to have a boyfriend. But there are various benefits that you gonna have when you have one. There are few needs that can only be completed by boyfriend and girlfriend. First of all, I would like to tell you that flirting is the good exercise of personality development. Its simple. You must have noticed that when ever anyone trying to impress someone, they play their best role. They show there best self. And thus it becomes good for their personality. It deContinue ReadingGood question. Why any girl need boyfriend? Most of the people think they are good alone. That might be right. It is absolutely not necessary to have a boyfriend. But there are various benefits that you gonna have when you have one. There are few needs that can only be completed by boyfriend and girlfriend. First of all, I would like to tell you that flirting is the good exercise of personality development. Its simple. You must have noticed that when ever anyone trying to impress someone, they play their best role. They show there best self. And thus it becomes good for their personality. It definitely improves the communication. That too is practiced when you are trying to make your spouse happy when he/she is annoyed. In rest of the relation you do not push yourself that much. Emotional support. That is the best thing you can always receive from your boyfriend. At a particular age, when you grow up and your parents wants you to handle yourself emotionally. At that point of the life you need someone with whom you can share your feelings and can cry in front of. If you talk about your friends, they will judge you how weak you are. And some situations are there where you cant share with your parents. These are the two basic benefits that you will receive from your relationship. One more thing that you is beneficial for you is experience. It doesnt  matter whether you marry the same guy or not but day by day you will be become better in handling a relationship. That will help you later in your marriage life.","ood question. Why any girl need boyfriend? Most of the people think they are good alone. That might be right. It is absolutely not necessary to have a boyfriend. But there are various benefits that you gonna have when you have one. There are few needs that can only be completed by boyfriend and girlfriend. First of all, I would like to tell you that flirting is the good exercise of personality development. Its simple. You must have noticed that when ever anyone trying to impress someone, they play their best role. They show there best self. And thus it becomes good for their personality. It deContinue ReadingGood question. Why any girl need boyfriend? Most of the people think they are good alone. That might be right. It is absolutely not necessary to have a boyfriend. But there are various benefits that you gonna have when you have one. There are few needs that can only be completed by boyfriend and girlfriend. First of all, I would like to tell you that flirting is the good exercise of personality development. Its simple. You must have noticed that when ever anyone trying to impress someone, they play their best role. They show there best self. And thus it becomes good for their personality. It definitely improves the communication. That too is practiced when you are trying to make your spouse happy when he/she is annoyed. In rest of the relation you do not push yourself that much. Emotional support. That is the best thing you can always receive from your boyfriend. At a particular age, when you grow up and your parents wants you to handle yourself emotionally. At that point of the life you need someone with whom you can share your feelings and can cry in front of. If you talk about your friends, they will judge you how weak you are. And some situations are there where you cant share with your parents. These are the two basic benefits that you will receive from your relationship. One more thing that you is beneficial for you is experience. It doesnt  matter whether you marry the same guy or not but day by day you will be become better in handling a relationship. That will help you later in your marriage life. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It actually depends on what kind of a woman you are. The real thing is that we want someone in our life to share our joys and sorrows with. If you are an independent lady, then you would never crave for a boyfriend. Some people just love to be alone. However, teenagers want to have boyfriends because they cannot control their curiosity. They want to know what being in a relationship means. They want to experience what love is. Also, they feel low when they see all their other friends having a boyfriend. So they want a guy who will be with her. Depending on someone for your happiness is nothing Continue ReadingIt actually depends on what kind of a woman you are. The real thing is that we want someone in our life to share our joys and sorrows with. If you are an independent lady, then you would never crave for a boyfriend. Some people just love to be alone. However, teenagers want to have boyfriends because they cannot control their curiosity. They want to know what being in a relationship means. They want to experience what love is. Also, they feel low when they see all their other friends having a boyfriend. So they want a guy who will be with her. Depending on someone for your happiness is nothing but lowering your self esteem and self confidence. Intelligent women would never do that. I want to conclude saying that the truth is that, at the end of the day every individual needs another, be it a boy or a girl, just because we cannot put an end to our expectations.","t actually depends on what kind of a woman you are. The real thing is that we want someone in our life to share our joys and sorrows with. If you are an independent lady, then you would never crave for a boyfriend. Some people just love to be alone. However, teenagers want to have boyfriends because they cannot control their curiosity. They want to know what being in a relationship means. They want to experience what love is. Also, they feel low when they see all their other friends having a boyfriend. So they want a guy who will be with her. Depending on someone for your happiness is nothing Continue ReadingIt actually depends on what kind of a woman you are. The real thing is that we want someone in our life to share our joys and sorrows with. If you are an independent lady, then you would never crave for a boyfriend. Some people just love to be alone. However, teenagers want to have boyfriends because they cannot control their curiosity. They want to know what being in a relationship means. They want to experience what love is. Also, they feel low when they see all their other friends having a boyfriend. So they want a guy who will be with her. Depending on someone for your happiness is nothing but lowering your self esteem and self confidence. Intelligent women would never do that. I want to conclude saying that the truth is that, at the end of the day every individual needs another, be it a boy or a girl, just because we cannot put an end to our expectations. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As you grow you may feel like you are incomplete.. May be you are not engaged in any activitiy which feel you like alone.. May be you are in teenage 18 to 24 where harmonal changes takes place you feel like you need someone to make you feel happy You dont have enough friends to share thoughts so you will feel like you need someone You need someone who can listen your nonsense and listen you everytime and care","As you grow you may feel like you are incomplete.. May be you are not engaged in any activitiy which feel you like alone.. May be you are in teenage 18 to 24 where harmonal changes takes place you feel like you need someone to make you feel happy You dont have enough friends to share thoughts so you will feel like you need someone You need someone who can listen your nonsense and listen you everytime and care |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('stop')|","snoring"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Weight reduction is the best remedy for snoring.","eight reduction is the best remedy for snoring. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are two answers because there are two types of snoring. Your common every-day snoring, where the advice to lose weight etc etc etc might help. The other is Sleep Apnoea. Sleep apnoea is where the airway actually closes off completely. The sufferer stops breathing for a while, usually jerks around a bit trying to gasp air into the lungs, and finally succeeds in opening the airways back up with an extremely loud snort, often waking himself (often him, but can be her as well) and sleeping partner as well. This can be extremely dangerous. Because the sleep is disturbed the patient may fall aslContinue ReadingThere are two answers because there are two types of snoring. Your common every-day snoring, where the advice to lose weight etc etc etc might help. The other is Sleep Apnoea. Sleep apnoea is where the airway actually closes off completely. The sufferer stops breathing for a while, usually jerks around a bit trying to gasp air into the lungs, and finally succeeds in opening the airways back up with an extremely loud snort, often waking himself (often him, but can be her as well) and sleeping partner as well. This can be extremely dangerous. Because the sleep is disturbed the patient may fall asleep during the daytime, at the wheel of a car or (far worse) a Heavy Goods Vehicle. Or while using dangerous machinery. The drop in oxygen levels makes a heart attack more likely. If this describes you or your partner you need to get a referral to a sleep clinic as soon as possible. My husband has been using a CPAP (Continuous Positive Air Pressure) machine for many years now and he sleeps soundly - and so do I.","here are two answers because there are two types of snoring. Your common every-day snoring, where the advice to lose weight etc etc etc might help. The other is Sleep Apnoea. Sleep apnoea is where the airway actually closes off completely. The sufferer stops breathing for a while, usually jerks around a bit trying to gasp air into the lungs, and finally succeeds in opening the airways back up with an extremely loud snort, often waking himself (often him, but can be her as well) and sleeping partner as well. This can be extremely dangerous. Because the sleep is disturbed the patient may fall aslContinue ReadingThere are two answers because there are two types of snoring. Your common every-day snoring, where the advice to lose weight etc etc etc might help. The other is Sleep Apnoea. Sleep apnoea is where the airway actually closes off completely. The sufferer stops breathing for a while, usually jerks around a bit trying to gasp air into the lungs, and finally succeeds in opening the airways back up with an extremely loud snort, often waking himself (often him, but can be her as well) and sleeping partner as well. This can be extremely dangerous. Because the sleep is disturbed the patient may fall asleep during the daytime, at the wheel of a car or (far worse) a Heavy Goods Vehicle. Or while using dangerous machinery. The drop in oxygen levels makes a heart attack more likely. If this describes you or your partner you need to get a referral to a sleep clinic as soon as possible. My husband has been using a CPAP (Continuous Positive Air Pressure) machine for many years now and he sleeps soundly - and so do I. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are several ways to treat snoring but it is as mentioned before important to have a sleep study done for sleep apnea. That is when a snoring person will a breath in and hold his breath for a long time or what seems to be a long time before breathing again and usually with a loud snort or gasp for air. This is very serious to your health. I lived with a man that was a very loud snorer. He was divorced from his wife of 11 years. I asked him if is ex had ever complained of his snoring. He said that she had never said anything during the time they were married . Because of this he thought I Continue ReadingThere are several ways to treat snoring but it is as mentioned before important to have a sleep study done for sleep apnea. That is when a snoring person will a breath in and hold his breath for a long time or what seems to be a long time before breathing again and usually with a loud snort or gasp for air. This is very serious to your health. I lived with a man that was a very loud snorer. He was divorced from his wife of 11 years. I asked him if is ex had ever complained of his snoring. He said that she had never said anything during the time they were married . Because of this he thought I was making it up and didnt believe me. After many nights of having to move to the couch to get any kind of sleep I told him he needed to set up some of his recording equipment in the bedroom to see. Being sure he was right he decided to set up the equipment he had at the time to prove me wrong. This did not go in his favour. He sounded like he was a cow with his foot stuck in cement trying to pull it out and calling for help. He made an apt with his general practitioner and was set up to go to a sleep clinic. On hearing the rusults it turns out he had stopped breathing many times (this was a long time ago and do not remember all the figures on it). But-the surpriing thing was the loudness of his snoring was 4 decibels from being the same volume of a motorcycle opened up wide. I couldnt believe it was that bad and he nor his wife had not noticed a problem. I realized his wife had obviously been a very very sound sleeper and would have had to fall asleep first to not have heard it. I am surprized the neighbors didnt complain. The doctor gave him choices of wearing a CPAP machine every night for his health and to stop the snoring or surgery. He chose surgery. He was in his 30’s at the time and he had never had his tonsils out so they took those out at the same time to help ,which can be harder on a person that age than little kids. Problem solved instantly. Never snored again that I know of. We are not together but it sure worked.. Also not mentioned in any answer yet the doctor told us that people that are overweight tend to snore more and have sleepapnea more often than thinner people. So if you have a problem ask your doctor about that as a solution too. I would think a diet might be a very less invasive answer to the situation to tr first and you will feel much better too. I know easier said than done.","here are several ways to treat snoring but it is as mentioned before important to have a sleep study done for sleep apnea. That is when a snoring person will a breath in and hold his breath for a long time or what seems to be a long time before breathing again and usually with a loud snort or gasp for air. This is very serious to your health. I lived with a man that was a very loud snorer. He was divorced from his wife of 11 years. I asked him if is ex had ever complained of his snoring. He said that she had never said anything during the time they were married . Because of this he thought I Continue ReadingThere are several ways to treat snoring but it is as mentioned before important to have a sleep study done for sleep apnea. That is when a snoring person will a breath in and hold his breath for a long time or what seems to be a long time before breathing again and usually with a loud snort or gasp for air. This is very serious to your health. I lived with a man that was a very loud snorer. He was divorced from his wife of 11 years. I asked him if is ex had ever complained of his snoring. He said that she had never said anything during the time they were married . Because of this he thought I was making it up and didnt believe me. After many nights of having to move to the couch to get any kind of sleep I told him he needed to set up some of his recording equipment in the bedroom to see. Being sure he was right he decided to set up the equipment he had at the time to prove me wrong. This did not go in his favour. He sounded like he was a cow with his foot stuck in cement trying to pull it out and calling for help. He made an apt with his general practitioner and was set up to go to a sleep clinic. On hearing the rusults it turns out he had stopped breathing many times (this was a long time ago and do not remember all the figures on it). But-the surpriing thing was the loudness of his snoring was 4 decibels from being the same volume of a motorcycle opened up wide. I couldnt believe it was that bad and he nor his wife had not noticed a problem. I realized his wife had obviously been a very very sound sleeper and would have had to fall asleep first to not have heard it. I am surprized the neighbors didnt complain. The doctor gave him choices of wearing a CPAP machine every night for his health and to stop the snoring or surgery. He chose surgery. He was in his 30’s at the time and he had never had his tonsils out so they took those out at the same time to help ,which can be harder on a person that age than little kids. Problem solved instantly. Never snored again that I know of. We are not together but it sure worked.. Also not mentioned in any answer yet the doctor told us that people that are overweight tend to snore more and have sleepapnea more often than thinner people. So if you have a problem ask your doctor about that as a solution too. I would think a diet might be a very less invasive answer to the situation to tr first and you will feel much better too. I know easier said than done. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","dandruff"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"So, first of all, dandruff is nothing but white flaky skin that often clouds your scalp and sometimes, also your skin. In medical terms, it’s known as seborrhea.It is non-contagious and is mainly caused due to factors like:Oily scalpScalp that’s not washed oftenAn yeast-like fungus that feeds on the oil in your scalpExtremely dry skinOr some skin conditions like eczema and psoriasisSo, how do you control your dandruff? Number 1: Make sure your hair and scalp is always squeaky clean Now this is especially for all times that you’re stepping out of the house, exercising, etc. Make sure you dry out Continue ReadingSo, first of all, dandruff is nothing but white flaky skin that often clouds your scalp and sometimes, also your skin. In medical terms, it’s known as seborrhea.It is non-contagious and is mainly caused due to factors like:Oily scalpScalp that’s not washed oftenAn yeast-like fungus that feeds on the oil in your scalpExtremely dry skinOr some skin conditions like eczema and psoriasisSo, how do you control your dandruff? Number 1: Make sure your hair and scalp is always squeaky clean Now this is especially for all times that you’re stepping out of the house, exercising, etc. Make sure you dry out your hair properly. Sweating is natural but excessive sweat can again lead to a build up of excess oil and impurities in your scalp and aggravate the problem. Avoid touching your hair and scalp with dirty hands. Number 2: Use the right anti-dandruff shampoo See, there are loads of over the counter anti-dandruff shampoos in the market, but the problem is most of these shampoos tend to dry out your hair too much and make it look lifeless and brittle. This is why it’s important to check with a dermatologist to select the right anti-dandruff shampoo that has the adequate concentration of ingredients to solve the problem without drying out your hair. Number 3: Focus more on healthy eating Your skin and hair condition are heavily linked to your eating habits. Eat foods that are rich in omega 3 fatty acids, protein, and biotin. Eat more greens and at least 1 fruit every single day and you will notice visible progress with your hair and skin in no time. Number 4: Avoid using oil Now this one may seem tricky especially in India, where oiling hair has been one of the oldest and effective ways of hair growth. But unfortunately, when it comes to dandruff, oil can be more of a villain than a friend because it can in turn lead to more dandruff. Oiling hair forms a layer in the scalp, restricting the natural entry of moisture. This can result in blocked hair follicles, which can further cause dandruff. Number 5: Maintain good hygiene Always make sure your pillow cases are washed and changed regularly and your hair brushes and combs are clean. Avoid sharing these objects with anyone else, to maintain the best hair hygiene. Number 6: Try the hot towel technique You can try this while applying any anti-dandruff lotions or masks on your hair. Take a big towel, long enough to cover your entire head. Submerge it in hot water for a few seconds, wring out the excess water, then wrap it around your head like a turban. This hot towel therapy will open the blocked pores in your scalp, letting the nutrients from the products you’re using for dandruff, penetrate well. Make sure to do this only once or twice a month, because overdoing it may result in dry hair. Lastly, do check with a dermatologist before using any home remedies like tea tree oil, lemon/curd masks, etc. for dandruff, because sometimes these can have contraindications, and cause more harm than good.","o, first of all, dandruff is nothing but white flaky skin that often clouds your scalp and sometimes, also your skin. In medical terms, it’s known as seborrhea.It is non-contagious and is mainly caused due to factors like:Oily scalpScalp that’s not washed oftenAn yeast-like fungus that feeds on the oil in your scalpExtremely dry skinOr some skin conditions like eczema and psoriasisSo, how do you control your dandruff? Number 1: Make sure your hair and scalp is always squeaky clean Now this is especially for all times that you’re stepping out of the house, exercising, etc. Make sure you dry out Continue ReadingSo, first of all, dandruff is nothing but white flaky skin that often clouds your scalp and sometimes, also your skin. In medical terms, it’s known as seborrhea.It is non-contagious and is mainly caused due to factors like:Oily scalpScalp that’s not washed oftenAn yeast-like fungus that feeds on the oil in your scalpExtremely dry skinOr some skin conditions like eczema and psoriasisSo, how do you control your dandruff? Number 1: Make sure your hair and scalp is always squeaky clean Now this is especially for all times that you’re stepping out of the house, exercising, etc. Make sure you dry out your hair properly. Sweating is natural but excessive sweat can again lead to a build up of excess oil and impurities in your scalp and aggravate the problem. Avoid touching your hair and scalp with dirty hands. Number 2: Use the right anti-dandruff shampoo See, there are loads of over the counter anti-dandruff shampoos in the market, but the problem is most of these shampoos tend to dry out your hair too much and make it look lifeless and brittle. This is why it’s important to check with a dermatologist to select the right anti-dandruff shampoo that has the adequate concentration of ingredients to solve the problem without drying out your hair. Number 3: Focus more on healthy eating Your skin and hair condition are heavily linked to your eating habits. Eat foods that are rich in omega 3 fatty acids, protein, and biotin. Eat more greens and at least 1 fruit every single day and you will notice visible progress with your hair and skin in no time. Number 4: Avoid using oil Now this one may seem tricky especially in India, where oiling hair has been one of the oldest and effective ways of hair growth. But unfortunately, when it comes to dandruff, oil can be more of a villain than a friend because it can in turn lead to more dandruff. Oiling hair forms a layer in the scalp, restricting the natural entry of moisture. This can result in blocked hair follicles, which can further cause dandruff. Number 5: Maintain good hygiene Always make sure your pillow cases are washed and changed regularly and your hair brushes and combs are clean. Avoid sharing these objects with anyone else, to maintain the best hair hygiene. Number 6: Try the hot towel technique You can try this while applying any anti-dandruff lotions or masks on your hair. Take a big towel, long enough to cover your entire head. Submerge it in hot water for a few seconds, wring out the excess water, then wrap it around your head like a turban. This hot towel therapy will open the blocked pores in your scalp, letting the nutrients from the products you’re using for dandruff, penetrate well. Make sure to do this only once or twice a month, because overdoing it may result in dry hair. Lastly, do check with a dermatologist before using any home remedies like tea tree oil, lemon/curd masks, etc. for dandruff, because sometimes these can have contraindications, and cause more harm than good. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('save')|","life"}, nil, {-0.5,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"‘How To Save A Life’ by the Fray is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard and it holds special meaning for me. A friend of mine committed suicide and I was the last person he ever called. I didn’t even realise something was wrong. But in this song, the person does. According to lead singer Issac Slade the song was composed and influenced by his experience while working as a mentor at a camp for troubled teens: He was asked about it in an interview and this is what he said “One of the youngsters I was paired up with was a musician. Here I was, a protected suburbanite, and he was just 1Continue Reading‘How To Save A Life’ by the Fray is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard and it holds special meaning for me. A friend of mine committed suicide and I was the last person he ever called. I didn’t even realise something was wrong. But in this song, the person does. According to lead singer Issac Slade the song was composed and influenced by his experience while working as a mentor at a camp for troubled teens: He was asked about it in an interview and this is what he said “One of the youngsters I was paired up with was a musician. Here I was, a protected suburbanite, and he was just 17 and had all these problems. And no one could write a manual on how to save him.” Slade also says that all the people who tried to help the kid were unsuccessful. And that is what the song is about. As Slade says in an interview, the boys friends and family approached him by saying, Quit taking drugs and cutting yourself or I wont talk to you again, but all he needed was some support. The boy was losing friends and going through depression. He lost his best friend and could not deal with it. The verses of the song describe an attempt by an adult to confront a troubled teen. In the chorus, the singer laments that he himself was unable to save a friend because he did not know how. That being said, the band has left the song open for interpretation. And pray to God he hears youAnd I pray to God he hears you These lines are the most touching for me. Slade could either mean that he prays that God hears you and saves this person. Or he could mean that he prays that this person hears you out and understands that feeling pain is better than feeling nothing at all. Take care :","‘How To Save A Life’ by the Fray is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard and it holds special meaning for me. A friend of mine committed suicide and I was the last person he ever called. I didn’t even realise something was wrong. But in this song, the person does. According to lead singer Issac Slade the song was composed and influenced by his experience while working as a mentor at a camp for troubled teens: He was asked about it in an interview and this is what he said “One of the youngsters I was paired up with was a musician. Here I was, a protected suburbanite, and he was just 1Continue Reading‘How To Save A Life’ by the Fray is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard and it holds special meaning for me. A friend of mine committed suicide and I was the last person he ever called. I didn’t even realise something was wrong. But in this song, the person does. According to lead singer Issac Slade the song was composed and influenced by his experience while working as a mentor at a camp for troubled teens: He was asked about it in an interview and this is what he said “One of the youngsters I was paired up with was a musician. Here I was, a protected suburbanite, and he was just 17 and had all these problems. And no one could write a manual on how to save him.” Slade also says that all the people who tried to help the kid were unsuccessful. And that is what the song is about. As Slade says in an interview, the boys friends and family approached him by saying, Quit taking drugs and cutting yourself or I wont talk to you again, but all he needed was some support. The boy was losing friends and going through depression. He lost his best friend and could not deal with it. The verses of the song describe an attempt by an adult to confront a troubled teen. In the chorus, the singer laments that he himself was unable to save a friend because he did not know how. That being said, the band has left the song open for interpretation. And pray to God he hears youAnd I pray to God he hears you These lines are the most touching for me. Slade could either mean that he prays that God hears you and saves this person. Or he could mean that he prays that this person hears you out and understands that feeling pain is better than feeling nothing at all. Take care : |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The song means just that, how to save a life. This song has an emotional framework. The song is seemingly about a friends suicide. In so many words the song states if he had stayed up all night he couldve saved his friends life. The way the lyrics are laid out provides a connection for a lot of people to the fact that this guy wasnt able to save his friend, because he didnt know-how. So many of us can relate in one way or another. Whether it is saving someone from a bad relationship or death.","he song means just that, how to save a life. This song has an emotional framework. The song is seemingly about a friends suicide. In so many words the song states if he had stayed up all night he couldve saved his friends life. The way the lyrics are laid out provides a connection for a lot of people to the fact that this guy wasnt able to save his friend, because he didnt know-how. So many of us can relate in one way or another. Whether it is saving someone from a bad relationship or death. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cook')|","salmon"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"One of the best cooking tips I ever learned while working five years in an upscale seafood restaurant is this: always cook fish on high heat. The restaurant I worked at had a pizza oven in their kitchen in which they used to bake fish at 600 degrees Fahrenheit. Theyve been in business since 1971 so they definitely know what theyre doing. Cooking fish on high heat locks in the moisture of the fish and keeps it flaky. In particular, for thick, oily fillets like salmon, the best and easiest way is to bake it in a super hot oven. The only way you can mess this up is by leaving it in the oven too lContinue ReadingOne of the best cooking tips I ever learned while working five years in an upscale seafood restaurant is this: always cook fish on high heat. The restaurant I worked at had a pizza oven in their kitchen in which they used to bake fish at 600 degrees Fahrenheit. Theyve been in business since 1971 so they definitely know what theyre doing. Cooking fish on high heat locks in the moisture of the fish and keeps it flaky. In particular, for thick, oily fillets like salmon, the best and easiest way is to bake it in a super hot oven. The only way you can mess this up is by leaving it in the oven too long. So take your seasoned salmon fillet and place it in a pan layered with some oil and lined with some onion slices so the salmon doesnt stick to the pan (or you could line the pan with something like asparagus if you want to cook some veggies at the same time). Pre-heat your oven as high as it will go, and place the pan in the oven and let the fish bake for about 7 to 10 minutes (depending on the thickness of the fillet and the heat of your oven). When its done the fish should feel like a medium rare filet mignon to the touch. Let the salmon rest for at least 7 minutes before you cut into it. After resting, your salmon will absorb all its moisture, and it will just flake off in thin pieces with the slightest touch of a fork. Now Im not saying there aren’t other great ways of cooking salmon, such as grilling on a cedar plank, or pan frying skin-down etc, but when you dont cook it on high heat, people often either dry it out, or at the other extreme cook it in a way that it has a mushy texture. The method I mention however is not only the easiest, but it will yield succulent, moist and flaky salmon every time.","ne of the best cooking tips I ever learned while working five years in an upscale seafood restaurant is this: always cook fish on high heat. The restaurant I worked at had a pizza oven in their kitchen in which they used to bake fish at 600 degrees Fahrenheit. Theyve been in business since 1971 so they definitely know what theyre doing. Cooking fish on high heat locks in the moisture of the fish and keeps it flaky. In particular, for thick, oily fillets like salmon, the best and easiest way is to bake it in a super hot oven. The only way you can mess this up is by leaving it in the oven too lContinue ReadingOne of the best cooking tips I ever learned while working five years in an upscale seafood restaurant is this: always cook fish on high heat. The restaurant I worked at had a pizza oven in their kitchen in which they used to bake fish at 600 degrees Fahrenheit. Theyve been in business since 1971 so they definitely know what theyre doing. Cooking fish on high heat locks in the moisture of the fish and keeps it flaky. In particular, for thick, oily fillets like salmon, the best and easiest way is to bake it in a super hot oven. The only way you can mess this up is by leaving it in the oven too long. So take your seasoned salmon fillet and place it in a pan layered with some oil and lined with some onion slices so the salmon doesnt stick to the pan (or you could line the pan with something like asparagus if you want to cook some veggies at the same time). Pre-heat your oven as high as it will go, and place the pan in the oven and let the fish bake for about 7 to 10 minutes (depending on the thickness of the fillet and the heat of your oven). When its done the fish should feel like a medium rare filet mignon to the touch. Let the salmon rest for at least 7 minutes before you cut into it. After resting, your salmon will absorb all its moisture, and it will just flake off in thin pieces with the slightest touch of a fork. Now Im not saying there aren’t other great ways of cooking salmon, such as grilling on a cedar plank, or pan frying skin-down etc, but when you dont cook it on high heat, people often either dry it out, or at the other extreme cook it in a way that it has a mushy texture. The method I mention however is not only the easiest, but it will yield succulent, moist and flaky salmon every time. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","beyonce"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"I don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respectContinue ReadingI don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respect. The commercialization of music which now includes vox boxes and mechanical singing has ruined music, and “artists” such ..."," don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respectContinue ReadingI don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respect. The commercialization of music which now includes vox boxes and mechanical singing has ruined music, and “artists” such ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I dont think they do. I think shes boring. She has a good - not amazing - but good voice and she can dance. Her songs are rubbish, the lyrics are terrible and it takes a massive team to write said terrible lyrics. Shes alright to look at, nothing special but she puts on a spectacle of a show which is good. Apart from that, I find her very overrated. Same as Bieber. You dont need to be particularly talented to make it in music any more and although she is talented, shes no Michael Jackson","I dont think they do. I think shes boring. She has a good - not amazing - but good voice and she can dance. Her songs are rubbish, the lyrics are terrible and it takes a massive team to write said terrible lyrics. Shes alright to look at, nothing special but she puts on a spectacle of a show which is good. Apart from that, I find her very overrated. Same as Bieber. You dont need to be particularly talented to make it in music any more and although she is talented, shes no Michael Jackson |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"who","beyonce"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Wikipedia is your friend, always: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beyonc%C3%A9","Wikipedia is your friend, always: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beyonc%C3%A9 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respectContinue ReadingI don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respect. The commercialization of music which now includes vox boxes and mechanical singing has ruined music, and “artists” such ..."," don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respectContinue ReadingI don’t dislike her, I liked destinies child when I was young (14 years old). Now I am an adult and I fail to understand why she is so popular and why the media continue to portray her as some sort of spiritual/enigmatic figure. Many of her photos are narcissistic and cringe worthy. I enjoy many types of genres, however what she and her ilk of pop “artists” do to music is something I don’t respect. The commercialization of music which now includes vox boxes and mechanical singing has ruined music, and “artists” such ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('long')|","|pal:NRT('cook')|","turkey"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Depends on weight.If you use a method that I use and start the oven preheated to 375 “blasting” it for 15 minutes and then lowering the temperature to 325 it will take slightly less time. Definitely use a thermometer inserted into the fleshiest part of the thigh you’ll get a better indicator than those dumb ass popup thermometers. In fact I throw them away. You are looking for 165 to 170 internal temperature as being done.Continue ReadingDepends on weight.If you use a method that I use and start the oven preheated to 375 “blasting” it for 15 minutes and then lowering the temperature to 325 it will take slightly less time. Definitely use a thermometer inserted into the fleshiest part of the thigh you’ll get a better indicator than those dumb ass popup thermometers. In fact I throw them away. You are looking for 165 to 170 internal temperature as being done.","epends on weight.If you use a method that I use and start the oven preheated to 375 “blasting” it for 15 minutes and then lowering the temperature to 325 it will take slightly less time. Definitely use a thermometer inserted into the fleshiest part of the thigh you’ll get a better indicator than those dumb ass popup thermometers. In fact I throw them away. You are looking for 165 to 170 internal temperature as being done.Continue ReadingDepends on weight.If you use a method that I use and start the oven preheated to 375 “blasting” it for 15 minutes and then lowering the temperature to 325 it will take slightly less time. Definitely use a thermometer inserted into the fleshiest part of the thigh you’ll get a better indicator than those dumb ass popup thermometers. In fact I throw them away. You are looking for 165 to 170 internal temperature as being done. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('virtual')|","|pal:NRT('private')|","network"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"VPN which means virtual private network. For a simple understanding, I will use a scenario involving two neighborhoods divided by a busy and dangerous street. Assuming u live in neighborhood A and u have a friend in neighborhood B you would like to deliver something to. The only way getting there is by crossing the busy n dangerous street filled with different kinds of people and activities. Crossing this street is unsafe for the kind of delivery u are going to make therefore u need to find secret or safe routes around where u can pass to ur destination without getting “noticed”. And the way toContinue ReadingVPN which means virtual private network. For a simple understanding, I will use a scenario involving two neighborhoods divided by a busy and dangerous street. Assuming u live in neighborhood A and u have a friend in neighborhood B you would like to deliver something to. The only way getting there is by crossing the busy n dangerous street filled with different kinds of people and activities. Crossing this street is unsafe for the kind of delivery u are going to make therefore u need to find secret or safe routes around where u can pass to ur destination without getting “noticed”. And the way to find a safe route is by getting an expert who knows all the available routes to get u through to neighborhood B safely. The expert will be ur guide, he will dress u n ur package to fit in and then take u across the street to neighborhood B through the secret route without getting “noticed”. Neighborhood A and B are private networks The busy street is the internet And the street exper in a VPN client that creates a secured channel between the two private network for safe delivery. By encrypting and encapsulating u and ur delivery item(data). So a VPN is used to create a secured connection form one private network to another for safe delivery of information through a public network (internet). I hope this made sense","VPN which means virtual private network. For a simple understanding, I will use a scenario involving two neighborhoods divided by a busy and dangerous street. Assuming u live in neighborhood A and u have a friend in neighborhood B you would like to deliver something to. The only way getting there is by crossing the busy n dangerous street filled with different kinds of people and activities. Crossing this street is unsafe for the kind of delivery u are going to make therefore u need to find secret or safe routes around where u can pass to ur destination without getting “noticed”. And the way toContinue ReadingVPN which means virtual private network. For a simple understanding, I will use a scenario involving two neighborhoods divided by a busy and dangerous street. Assuming u live in neighborhood A and u have a friend in neighborhood B you would like to deliver something to. The only way getting there is by crossing the busy n dangerous street filled with different kinds of people and activities. Crossing this street is unsafe for the kind of delivery u are going to make therefore u need to find secret or safe routes around where u can pass to ur destination without getting “noticed”. And the way to find a safe route is by getting an expert who knows all the available routes to get u through to neighborhood B safely. The expert will be ur guide, he will dress u n ur package to fit in and then take u across the street to neighborhood B through the secret route without getting “noticed”. Neighborhood A and B are private networks The busy street is the internet And the street exper in a VPN client that creates a secured channel between the two private network for safe delivery. By encrypting and encapsulating u and ur delivery item(data). So a VPN is used to create a secured connection form one private network to another for safe delivery of information through a public network (internet). I hope this made sense |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","VPN stands for Virtual Private Network. It’s a private network runs over the existing public Internet. Because VPN is deployed over the public Internet, traffic flows within this virtual private network is encrypted. This is usually done by encrypting the IP datagram at the network-layer.","PN stands for Virtual Private Network. It’s a private network runs over the existing public Internet. Because VPN is deployed over the public Internet, traffic flows within this virtual private network is encrypted. This is usually done by encrypting the IP datagram at the network-layer. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It stands for Virtual Private Network. Many companies will have private networks on their offices. Lots of computers, servers and the like which are not visible on the Internet, but can be accessed from inside the office. These will store the company’s confidential corporate information. But they may have multiple offices on different locations, or people working from home, and they would like everybody to be able to access the private network as if they were in the office. Once upon a time, they would have a physical connection between, say, two offices - wired of their own. This is a physical Continue ReadingIt stands for Virtual Private Network. Many companies will have private networks on their offices. Lots of computers, servers and the like which are not visible on the Internet, but can be accessed from inside the office. These will store the company’s confidential corporate information. But they may have multiple offices on different locations, or people working from home, and they would like everybody to be able to access the private network as if they were in the office. Once upon a time, they would have a physical connection between, say, two offices - wired of their own. This is a physical private network. But now what they do is to encrypt the data in one office, send it over the public Internet to the other office, and decrypt it at the second office. The Internet plus encryption is acting as a virtual set of wired between the two offices. And home workers can now do the same thing, encrypting on their home computer and sending the packets to the office, so they can access the confidential information as freely as if they were in the office. If you access the internet while using a VPN, it looks from the outside as if you are in that office. So your private IP address is not visible - you have the office’s IP address and appear to be on the country where the office is situated. So commercial VPNs hide your identity and location.","t stands for Virtual Private Network. Many companies will have private networks on their offices. Lots of computers, servers and the like which are not visible on the Internet, but can be accessed from inside the office. These will store the company’s confidential corporate information. But they may have multiple offices on different locations, or people working from home, and they would like everybody to be able to access the private network as if they were in the office. Once upon a time, they would have a physical connection between, say, two offices - wired of their own. This is a physical Continue ReadingIt stands for Virtual Private Network. Many companies will have private networks on their offices. Lots of computers, servers and the like which are not visible on the Internet, but can be accessed from inside the office. These will store the company’s confidential corporate information. But they may have multiple offices on different locations, or people working from home, and they would like everybody to be able to access the private network as if they were in the office. Once upon a time, they would have a physical connection between, say, two offices - wired of their own. This is a physical private network. But now what they do is to encrypt the data in one office, send it over the public Internet to the other office, and decrypt it at the second office. The Internet plus encryption is acting as a virtual set of wired between the two offices. And home workers can now do the same thing, encrypting on their home computer and sending the packets to the office, so they can access the confidential information as freely as if they were in the office. If you access the internet while using a VPN, it looks from the outside as if you are in that office. So your private IP address is not visible - you have the office’s IP address and appear to be on the country where the office is situated. So commercial VPNs hide your identity and location. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('pounds')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","ton"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"That depends on the kind of pound and of the type of ton, but luckily not on the type of material. One short ton is for instance about 1836 Amsterdam pounds, one metric ton is 2000 metric pounds, and one long ton is 2240 English pounds.","hat depends on the kind of pound and of the type of ton, but luckily not on the type of material. One short ton is for instance about 1836 Amsterdam pounds, one metric ton is 2000 metric pounds, and one long ton is 2240 English pounds. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Short ton, 2000 lbs. Long, shortweight or Imperial ton, 2240 lbs. Longweight ton, 2400 lbs. Metric ton or tonne, 1000 kg., 2204.62 lbs. “Ton” can also be a unit of volume, power, energy. A freight ton, for example, is 40 cubic feet.","hort ton, 2000 lbs. Long, shortweight or Imperial ton, 2240 lbs. Longweight ton, 2400 lbs. Metric ton or tonne, 1000 kg., 2204.62 lbs. “Ton” can also be a unit of volume, power, energy. A freight ton, for example, is 40 cubic feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A standard ton, not metric ton, is always no matter what it is rock, sand, pudding, anything… is 2000 pounds, a ton is always 2000 pounds, not just a figure of speech as in I have a ton of Math homework today."," standard ton, not metric ton, is always no matter what it is rock, sand, pudding, anything… is 2000 pounds, a ton is always 2000 pounds, not just a figure of speech as in I have a ton of Math homework today. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('my')|","|pal:NRT('poop')|","green"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Green color could mean:Bile has mixed with stools (normal)Neutrophils are present (inflammation)You have consumed something greenDysentery","Green color could mean:Bile has mixed with stools (normal)Neutrophils are present (inflammation)You have consumed something greenDysentery |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well, there is a lot of possible reasons, but one of the most common is because you ate some vegetables with contain chlorophyll like spinach or broccoli. If you know this isn’t the case, the second most common reason is because your body has a buildup of bile that wasn’t nessisarily broken down all the way. Bile is produced by the gall bladder in order to break up fats in the small intestine. It’s the same green substance that you throw up when your stomach is completely empty. Usually this is then excreted along with your poop. When it travels through the large intestine, the enzymes located tContinue ReadingWell, there is a lot of possible reasons, but one of the most common is because you ate some vegetables with contain chlorophyll like spinach or broccoli. If you know this isn’t the case, the second most common reason is because your body has a buildup of bile that wasn’t nessisarily broken down all the way. Bile is produced by the gall bladder in order to break up fats in the small intestine. It’s the same green substance that you throw up when your stomach is completely empty. Usually this is then excreted along with your poop. When it travels through the large intestine, the enzymes located there will cause the bile to turn brown (normally). If chime is traveling quickly through your digestive system, bile may not react all the way and cause the poop to have a green tint.","ell, there is a lot of possible reasons, but one of the most common is because you ate some vegetables with contain chlorophyll like spinach or broccoli. If you know this isn’t the case, the second most common reason is because your body has a buildup of bile that wasn’t nessisarily broken down all the way. Bile is produced by the gall bladder in order to break up fats in the small intestine. It’s the same green substance that you throw up when your stomach is completely empty. Usually this is then excreted along with your poop. When it travels through the large intestine, the enzymes located tContinue ReadingWell, there is a lot of possible reasons, but one of the most common is because you ate some vegetables with contain chlorophyll like spinach or broccoli. If you know this isn’t the case, the second most common reason is because your body has a buildup of bile that wasn’t nessisarily broken down all the way. Bile is produced by the gall bladder in order to break up fats in the small intestine. It’s the same green substance that you throw up when your stomach is completely empty. Usually this is then excreted along with your poop. When it travels through the large intestine, the enzymes located there will cause the bile to turn brown (normally). If chime is traveling quickly through your digestive system, bile may not react all the way and cause the poop to have a green tint. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Green poop is a sign of a stomach or intestinal bug. The green is from the bile in your digestive system, and it’s being forced out because your body’s immune system is trying to purge something. In most cases, your body will cleanse itself out in a day or two, but if it persists, or if the diarrhea becomes problematic, see a doctor: an antibiotic may be called for. In the mean time, drink plenty of water.","reen poop is a sign of a stomach or intestinal bug. The green is from the bile in your digestive system, and it’s being forced out because your body’s immune system is trying to purge something. In most cases, your body will cleanse itself out in a day or two, but if it persists, or if the diarrhea becomes problematic, see a doctor: an antibiotic may be called for. In the mean time, drink plenty of water. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","|pal:NRT('music')|","|pal:NRT('from')|","youtube"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"High quality and Youtube in relation to eachother is an oxymoron. Everything is arbitrarily compressed for the smallest possible size they deem fit for our consumption needs in regards to their sacrificed storage space. Basically 126kbps across the board. You can clean up later if you need to put it really depends on your level of audiophile mind set. Anyways the best I have yet to find in many many years that is remaining still is… Youtube-DLG ▬ youtube-dlg They are open source I believe as they are on github at least. A lot of the more knowledgeable people I trust more have spoken well of them Continue ReadingHigh quality and Youtube in relation to eachother is an oxymoron. Everything is arbitrarily compressed for the smallest possible size they deem fit for our consumption needs in regards to their sacrificed storage space. Basically 126kbps across the board. You can clean up later if you need to put it really depends on your level of audiophile mind set. Anyways the best I have yet to find in many many years that is remaining still is… Youtube-DLG ▬ youtube-dlg They are open source I believe as they are on github at least. A lot of the more knowledgeable people I trust more have spoken well of them always. Copy-paste links (multiple if you like) and set to download. You will then have a video file (with sound) in (mp4) and another smaller file audio only (no video) in (m4a). It fits perfect for what I usually do anyways. It is a program you install on your computer but I have never had a problem with it. Though it does connect running data I have seen it’s not a big footprint and seems benign. After all you are a thief in the night and they are the tools and the get away driver in one. Behave accordingly. Break a leg fancy pants. Oi. ☻","High quality and Youtube in relation to eachother is an oxymoron. Everything is arbitrarily compressed for the smallest possible size they deem fit for our consumption needs in regards to their sacrificed storage space. Basically 126kbps across the board. You can clean up later if you need to put it really depends on your level of audiophile mind set. Anyways the best I have yet to find in many many years that is remaining still is… Youtube-DLG ▬ youtube-dlg They are open source I believe as they are on github at least. A lot of the more knowledgeable people I trust more have spoken well of them Continue ReadingHigh quality and Youtube in relation to eachother is an oxymoron. Everything is arbitrarily compressed for the smallest possible size they deem fit for our consumption needs in regards to their sacrificed storage space. Basically 126kbps across the board. You can clean up later if you need to put it really depends on your level of audiophile mind set. Anyways the best I have yet to find in many many years that is remaining still is… Youtube-DLG ▬ youtube-dlg They are open source I believe as they are on github at least. A lot of the more knowledgeable people I trust more have spoken well of them always. Copy-paste links (multiple if you like) and set to download. You will then have a video file (with sound) in (mp4) and another smaller file audio only (no video) in (m4a). It fits perfect for what I usually do anyways. It is a program you install on your computer but I have never had a problem with it. Though it does connect running data I have seen it’s not a big footprint and seems benign. After all you are a thief in the night and they are the tools and the get away driver in one. Behave accordingly. Break a leg fancy pants. Oi. ☻ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","In general, there is no official way to get audio files from YouTube. For personal use, you can try some third-party tools, which can then save to your computer and listen to offline. Download Songs from YouTube Music: Macsome YouTube Music Downloader can help you download tracks from YouTube Music, and save them as MP3, AAC, or other audio files on your computer. AudiCable is all-in-one music streaming recorder. It can not record audio from YouTube Music, but also from other popular services, such as Spotify, Tidal, Deezer, Amazon Music, etc. If you just want to listen to songs on YouTube and donContinue ReadingIn general, there is no official way to get audio files from YouTube. For personal use, you can try some third-party tools, which can then save to your computer and listen to offline. Download Songs from YouTube Music: Macsome YouTube Music Downloader can help you download tracks from YouTube Music, and save them as MP3, AAC, or other audio files on your computer. AudiCable is all-in-one music streaming recorder. It can not record audio from YouTube Music, but also from other popular services, such as Spotify, Tidal, Deezer, Amazon Music, etc. If you just want to listen to songs on YouTube and dont need an MP3 file, YouTube Music allows you to listen to your favorite tunes. With YouTube Music for iOS/iPad and Android, you can browse and search for music from different artists, albums, and genres on YouTube. a YouTube Premium paid subscription will allow you to add offline listening.Download Music from YouTube Video: NoteBurner YouTube Video Downloader is designed for downloading YouTube videos for free. But if you need to rip a preferred audio track from a YouTube video, this app works too. MP3FY is a website that lets you copy and paste the URL of the YouTube video you want to convert. Just add the link and click the Convert button. Click Confirm to verify the name of the video and then click Download MP3. Save the MP3 file to your computer, where you can play it in your favorite music player. Motionboxs YouTube To MP3 tool is another reliable and hassle-free conversion site. Copy and paste the URL for the YouTube video in the appropriate field. After conversion, you can preview the audio before you download it. To save it to your computer, click the Download MP3 button and then click Trim and Download MP3.","n general, there is no official way to get audio files from YouTube. For personal use, you can try some third-party tools, which can then save to your computer and listen to offline. Download Songs from YouTube Music: Macsome YouTube Music Downloader can help you download tracks from YouTube Music, and save them as MP3, AAC, or other audio files on your computer. AudiCable is all-in-one music streaming recorder. It can not record audio from YouTube Music, but also from other popular services, such as Spotify, Tidal, Deezer, Amazon Music, etc. If you just want to listen to songs on YouTube and donContinue ReadingIn general, there is no official way to get audio files from YouTube. For personal use, you can try some third-party tools, which can then save to your computer and listen to offline. Download Songs from YouTube Music: Macsome YouTube Music Downloader can help you download tracks from YouTube Music, and save them as MP3, AAC, or other audio files on your computer. AudiCable is all-in-one music streaming recorder. It can not record audio from YouTube Music, but also from other popular services, such as Spotify, Tidal, Deezer, Amazon Music, etc. If you just want to listen to songs on YouTube and dont need an MP3 file, YouTube Music allows you to listen to your favorite tunes. With YouTube Music for iOS/iPad and Android, you can browse and search for music from different artists, albums, and genres on YouTube. a YouTube Premium paid subscription will allow you to add offline listening.Download Music from YouTube Video: NoteBurner YouTube Video Downloader is designed for downloading YouTube videos for free. But if you need to rip a preferred audio track from a YouTube video, this app works too. MP3FY is a website that lets you copy and paste the URL of the YouTube video you want to convert. Just add the link and click the Convert button. Click Confirm to verify the name of the video and then click Download MP3. Save the MP3 file to your computer, where you can play it in your favorite music player. Motionboxs YouTube To MP3 tool is another reliable and hassle-free conversion site. Copy and paste the URL for the YouTube video in the appropriate field. After conversion, you can preview the audio before you download it. To save it to your computer, click the Download MP3 button and then click Trim and Download MP3. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The majority of you probably already know how to download YouTube videos using browser plugins, online downloaders, or video downloader software. You might not be aware, though, that you can directly download YouTube videos from their URL. You can go to an online downloader that can instantly parse the current video and give you download alternatives by altering the YouTube video URL. Downloading YouTube videos from the URL is a very simple and practical way if you occasionally need to rip them.Trick 1: I would like to recommend is adding ‘PI’.This is a technique offered by Y2Mate for downloadContinue ReadingThe majority of you probably already know how to download YouTube videos using browser plugins, online downloaders, or video downloader software. You might not be aware, though, that you can directly download YouTube videos from their URL. You can go to an online downloader that can instantly parse the current video and give you download alternatives by altering the YouTube video URL. Downloading YouTube videos from the URL is a very simple and practical way if you occasionally need to rip them.Trick 1: I would like to recommend is adding ‘PI’.This is a technique offered by Y2Mate for downloading YouTube videos. Without any software or physical copying of the video address, it enables you to download YouTube videos online. You may download YouTube videos in 1080p from a URL with Y2Mate, which also offers audio download choices. Additionally, it has less advertisements and redirects than other tactics. Use this advice to give it a try if you want to learn how to download YouTube videos by altering URLs. To download YouTube video via URL:Step 1. Go to the YouTube website and search for the video you want to download.Step 2. Click to play the video.Step 3. While the video is playing, go to the address bar of your browser and manually input pi after youtube in the URL. Then hit Enter.Step 4. Now click Convert next to the option you want to download.Step 5. After the conversion, click Download to save the video to your device.Trick 2: Download YouTube Videos with a Link( MOST AMAZING)Using the desktop video downloader SurFast Video Downloader, Id like to demonstrate how to download YouTube videos with links. You are able to:YouTube videos in 8K, 4K, 2K, and more can be downloaded.Obtain YouTube videos in MP4, WebM, or 3GP formatbulk downloads of YouTube videosDownload YouTube channels and playlists.Instantly convert YouTube to MP3 or WAVSurFast Video Downloader can fulfill all of your video downloading requirements and is a lot more powerful than the web applications mentioned above. It supports a number of additional video and social media networks in addition to YouTube. You cant miss it if youre looking for a dependable and stable video downloader to download videos from any website. To download YouTube videos with link:Step 1. Copy the URL of a playlist (or URLs of videos) and then paste it to SurFast Video Downloader.Step 2. Wait for the program to parse the URL. Then select the output format and quality for the videos and click Download.Step 3. Wait for the bulk download to finish.THANK YOU.","he majority of you probably already know how to download YouTube videos using browser plugins, online downloaders, or video downloader software. You might not be aware, though, that you can directly download YouTube videos from their URL. You can go to an online downloader that can instantly parse the current video and give you download alternatives by altering the YouTube video URL. Downloading YouTube videos from the URL is a very simple and practical way if you occasionally need to rip them.Trick 1: I would like to recommend is adding ‘PI’.This is a technique offered by Y2Mate for downloadContinue ReadingThe majority of you probably already know how to download YouTube videos using browser plugins, online downloaders, or video downloader software. You might not be aware, though, that you can directly download YouTube videos from their URL. You can go to an online downloader that can instantly parse the current video and give you download alternatives by altering the YouTube video URL. Downloading YouTube videos from the URL is a very simple and practical way if you occasionally need to rip them.Trick 1: I would like to recommend is adding ‘PI’.This is a technique offered by Y2Mate for downloading YouTube videos. Without any software or physical copying of the video address, it enables you to download YouTube videos online. You may download YouTube videos in 1080p from a URL with Y2Mate, which also offers audio download choices. Additionally, it has less advertisements and redirects than other tactics. Use this advice to give it a try if you want to learn how to download YouTube videos by altering URLs. To download YouTube video via URL:Step 1. Go to the YouTube website and search for the video you want to download.Step 2. Click to play the video.Step 3. While the video is playing, go to the address bar of your browser and manually input pi after youtube in the URL. Then hit Enter.Step 4. Now click Convert next to the option you want to download.Step 5. After the conversion, click Download to save the video to your device.Trick 2: Download YouTube Videos with a Link( MOST AMAZING)Using the desktop video downloader SurFast Video Downloader, Id like to demonstrate how to download YouTube videos with links. You are able to:YouTube videos in 8K, 4K, 2K, and more can be downloaded.Obtain YouTube videos in MP4, WebM, or 3GP formatbulk downloads of YouTube videosDownload YouTube channels and playlists.Instantly convert YouTube to MP3 or WAVSurFast Video Downloader can fulfill all of your video downloading requirements and is a lot more powerful than the web applications mentioned above. It supports a number of additional video and social media networks in addition to YouTube. You cant miss it if youre looking for a dependable and stable video downloader to download videos from any website. To download YouTube videos with link:Step 1. Copy the URL of a playlist (or URLs of videos) and then paste it to SurFast Video Downloader.Step 2. Wait for the program to parse the URL. Then select the output format and quality for the videos and click Download.Step 3. Wait for the bulk download to finish.THANK YOU. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Hi you just want in a audio liabaray and get a lot of audio music from audio liabrary thanks☺️","Hi you just want in a audio liabaray and get a lot of audio music from audio liabrary thanks☺️ |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","lasag"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"One particularly delicious, and less than usual, lasagne recipe uses fish instead of meat - this recipe uses salmon, but you can substitute any tasty fish, with or without added prawns if you like. Ingredients - serves 6:     600g Atlantic salmon    15ml oil    2 medium carrots, diced    2 large stalks of celery, diced    1 medium onion, diced    375ml fish stock    250g mascarpone    3 egg yolks    1 egg    Zest of 1 lemon    1 large handful of grated Parmesan    1 small handful of chopped chives or parsley1. Heat a large frying pan with a lid and add in the oil. Add in all the vegetables, anContinue ReadingOne particularly delicious, and less than usual, lasagne recipe uses fish instead of meat - this recipe uses salmon, but you can substitute any tasty fish, with or without added prawns if you like. Ingredients - serves 6:     600g Atlantic salmon    15ml oil    2 medium carrots, diced    2 large stalks of celery, diced    1 medium onion, diced    375ml fish stock    250g mascarpone    3 egg yolks    1 egg    Zest of 1 lemon    1 large handful of grated Parmesan    1 small handful of chopped chives or parsley1. Heat a large frying pan with a lid and add in the oil. Add in all the vegetables, and cook for a couple of minutes, push the vegetable to the side of the pan and lightly fry the salmon for a couple of minutes, pour in the stock and cover the pan with a lid. 2. Bring the pan to a light simmer and cook for 3 – 4 minutes or until the salmon is just cooked through. Remove the salmon onto a plate and let the vegetables continue cooking until they are very soft and most of the liquid has been absorbed, smash the vegetable with a fork until finely diced. 3. Break up all the salmon flesh and mix with the vegetables. Whisk the mascarpone with the egg yolks, the egg and season with salt, pepper, lemon zest and Parmesan. This should make a slightly thick paste. 4. Before you start layering the lasagne, put 50ml of fish stock (or keep some of the juice that you get from cooking the fish or make extra vegetable juice for this) into bottom of dish to make the lasagne moist.  5. Layer lasagne sheets with the vegetable, salmon, mascarpone and keep on doing this till all the mixture is used. Put some vegetable or fish liquid over the top. This lasagne should not be too high, just 3 layers. It should be an elegant not a bulky dish. Set oven at 200C/180C fan/gas 6 and let the lasagne warm through gently for about 12 minutes. You might need to experiment with the amount of stock needed as different brands of lasagne can absorb different amounts of liquid when cooking. Keep an eye on the dish and add extra hot fish stock if necessary. 6. Serve sprinkled with the chopped chives or parsley. Delicious with steamed or grilled asparagus. ","One particularly delicious, and less than usual, lasagne recipe uses fish instead of meat - this recipe uses salmon, but you can substitute any tasty fish, with or without added prawns if you like. Ingredients - serves 6:     600g Atlantic salmon    15ml oil    2 medium carrots, diced    2 large stalks of celery, diced    1 medium onion, diced    375ml fish stock    250g mascarpone    3 egg yolks    1 egg    Zest of 1 lemon    1 large handful of grated Parmesan    1 small handful of chopped chives or parsley1. Heat a large frying pan with a lid and add in the oil. Add in all the vegetables, anContinue ReadingOne particularly delicious, and less than usual, lasagne recipe uses fish instead of meat - this recipe uses salmon, but you can substitute any tasty fish, with or without added prawns if you like. Ingredients - serves 6:     600g Atlantic salmon    15ml oil    2 medium carrots, diced    2 large stalks of celery, diced    1 medium onion, diced    375ml fish stock    250g mascarpone    3 egg yolks    1 egg    Zest of 1 lemon    1 large handful of grated Parmesan    1 small handful of chopped chives or parsley1. Heat a large frying pan with a lid and add in the oil. Add in all the vegetables, and cook for a couple of minutes, push the vegetable to the side of the pan and lightly fry the salmon for a couple of minutes, pour in the stock and cover the pan with a lid. 2. Bring the pan to a light simmer and cook for 3 – 4 minutes or until the salmon is just cooked through. Remove the salmon onto a plate and let the vegetables continue cooking until they are very soft and most of the liquid has been absorbed, smash the vegetable with a fork until finely diced. 3. Break up all the salmon flesh and mix with the vegetables. Whisk the mascarpone with the egg yolks, the egg and season with salt, pepper, lemon zest and Parmesan. This should make a slightly thick paste. 4. Before you start layering the lasagne, put 50ml of fish stock (or keep some of the juice that you get from cooking the fish or make extra vegetable juice for this) into bottom of dish to make the lasagne moist.  5. Layer lasagne sheets with the vegetable, salmon, mascarpone and keep on doing this till all the mixture is used. Put some vegetable or fish liquid over the top. This lasagne should not be too high, just 3 layers. It should be an elegant not a bulky dish. Set oven at 200C/180C fan/gas 6 and let the lasagne warm through gently for about 12 minutes. You might need to experiment with the amount of stock needed as different brands of lasagne can absorb different amounts of liquid when cooking. Keep an eye on the dish and add extra hot fish stock if necessary. 6. Serve sprinkled with the chopped chives or parsley. Delicious with steamed or grilled asparagus.  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The other answers are all terrific, but I think there is something I need to add. Homemade lasagna can taste just like freezer store-bought lasagna unless you take the time to add flavor to the dish. For example, take a diced onion and caramelize it first in a little olive oil, sautéed slowly to bring out the flavor of the onion, then add in the ground beef to brown. Season the ground beef mixture with basil, oregano and thyme, and a little kosher salt and pepper. Be sure and season the sauce with the same. I agree with the other responses that if you are using store-bought lasagna noodles, toContinue ReadingThe other answers are all terrific, but I think there is something I need to add. Homemade lasagna can taste just like freezer store-bought lasagna unless you take the time to add flavor to the dish. For example, take a diced onion and caramelize it first in a little olive oil, sautéed slowly to bring out the flavor of the onion, then add in the ground beef to brown. Season the ground beef mixture with basil, oregano and thyme, and a little kosher salt and pepper. Be sure and season the sauce with the same. I agree with the other responses that if you are using store-bought lasagna noodles, to undercook them, as they will finish the cooking in the oven. If it says to cook for 12 minutes, cut it back to 10; that sort of thing. I like the idea of spraying the underside of the aluminum foil with cooking spray, to keep the cheese from sticking to the foil. Also, don’t forget about other diced veggies that you can sauté and add to the meat mixture, like mushrooms and green peppers. As to homemade or store-bought lasagna noodles, it really comes down to practicality. Do you have the time for homemade pasta and know how to make it well? If so, go for it! If not, buy store-bought and bring in the flavors in the ways I’ve described above. Enjoy!","The other answers are all terrific, but I think there is something I need to add. Homemade lasagna can taste just like freezer store-bought lasagna unless you take the time to add flavor to the dish. For example, take a diced onion and caramelize it first in a little olive oil, sautéed slowly to bring out the flavor of the onion, then add in the ground beef to brown. Season the ground beef mixture with basil, oregano and thyme, and a little kosher salt and pepper. Be sure and season the sauce with the same. I agree with the other responses that if you are using store-bought lasagna noodles, toContinue ReadingThe other answers are all terrific, but I think there is something I need to add. Homemade lasagna can taste just like freezer store-bought lasagna unless you take the time to add flavor to the dish. For example, take a diced onion and caramelize it first in a little olive oil, sautéed slowly to bring out the flavor of the onion, then add in the ground beef to brown. Season the ground beef mixture with basil, oregano and thyme, and a little kosher salt and pepper. Be sure and season the sauce with the same. I agree with the other responses that if you are using store-bought lasagna noodles, to undercook them, as they will finish the cooking in the oven. If it says to cook for 12 minutes, cut it back to 10; that sort of thing. I like the idea of spraying the underside of the aluminum foil with cooking spray, to keep the cheese from sticking to the foil. Also, don’t forget about other diced veggies that you can sauté and add to the meat mixture, like mushrooms and green peppers. As to homemade or store-bought lasagna noodles, it really comes down to practicality. Do you have the time for homemade pasta and know how to make it well? If so, go for it! If not, buy store-bought and bring in the flavors in the ways I’ve described above. Enjoy! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Lasagna is one of the quick, easy to make and tasty dish. You can keep all your prep ready well in advance in the fridge and it will take you just 5 minutes to assemble and around 30 minutes to finish in the oven.For any good lasagna there are four basic elements: mince meat sauce, lasagna, bechamel and some good cheese.1. MEAT SAUCEIngredients:1/2 kg mince meat2 medium onions - roughly chopped3 cloves garlic - roughly chopped1 carrot - finely chopped1 stick celery - finely chopped1/2 kg tomatoe puree - canned/ fresh (If using fresh then tomatoes need to be sauted in lil bit of oil, coContinue ReadingLasagna is one of the quick, easy to make and tasty dish. You can keep all your prep ready well in advance in the fridge and it will take you just 5 minutes to assemble and around 30 minutes to finish in the oven.For any good lasagna there are four basic elements: mince meat sauce, lasagna, bechamel and some good cheese.1. MEAT SAUCEIngredients:1/2 kg mince meat2 medium onions - roughly chopped3 cloves garlic - roughly chopped1 carrot - finely chopped1 stick celery - finely chopped1/2 kg tomatoe puree - canned/ fresh (If using fresh then tomatoes need to be sauted in lil bit of oil, cooked in water and then pureed and seived to remove all the seeds.) Fresh Basil leavesFresh oreganoFresh thymeOlive oilSalt and pepper. 1.Saute onions in olive oil till transparent.2.Add in chopped garlic, carrot and celery and cook for a while.3.As carrots and celery start to cook a bit, Add mince meat to it and cook till it becomes a bit brown and all of the meat is seared.4. Add a bit of salt at this time to the mixture.5. When ready add the tomato puree to it with basil ,oregano, thyme and black pepper. 6. Let it simmer on low flame , while you can work on your bechamel. 7. Finish off the sauce by adjusting salt and pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. The sauce should not be very thick nor very runny. BECHAMEL 50g butter50g flour500ml milkSalt Pepper 1. Heat butter in pan, making sure its not burnt.2. Add flour to it, and stir it till butter is incorporated in it and it starts to brown.3. As soon as flour starts to get brown pour in the milk and whisk continously to remove any lumps formed.4. If lumps still exist, use hand blender to make a smooth sauce.5. Season it according to taste. Nows the assembling part: 1.Take An oven proof dish.2.A layer of mince Sauce at bottom.3.Lasagna sheets on top.4. A layer of bechamel on top of lasagna.5. Cheese on top of bechamel.6. Then again steps 2-5.  Repeat the process 2-3 times as per the depth of your baking dish.Oven bake in 200 degree pre heated oven for 25-30 min. For veg variant you can use chopped vegetables instead of mince meat in the red sauce. Enjoy","Lasagna is one of the quick, easy to make and tasty dish. You can keep all your prep ready well in advance in the fridge and it will take you just 5 minutes to assemble and around 30 minutes to finish in the oven.For any good lasagna there are four basic elements: mince meat sauce, lasagna, bechamel and some good cheese.1. MEAT SAUCEIngredients:1/2 kg mince meat2 medium onions - roughly chopped3 cloves garlic - roughly chopped1 carrot - finely chopped1 stick celery - finely chopped1/2 kg tomatoe puree - canned/ fresh (If using fresh then tomatoes need to be sauted in lil bit of oil, coContinue ReadingLasagna is one of the quick, easy to make and tasty dish. You can keep all your prep ready well in advance in the fridge and it will take you just 5 minutes to assemble and around 30 minutes to finish in the oven.For any good lasagna there are four basic elements: mince meat sauce, lasagna, bechamel and some good cheese.1. MEAT SAUCEIngredients:1/2 kg mince meat2 medium onions - roughly chopped3 cloves garlic - roughly chopped1 carrot - finely chopped1 stick celery - finely chopped1/2 kg tomatoe puree - canned/ fresh (If using fresh then tomatoes need to be sauted in lil bit of oil, cooked in water and then pureed and seived to remove all the seeds.) Fresh Basil leavesFresh oreganoFresh thymeOlive oilSalt and pepper. 1.Saute onions in olive oil till transparent.2.Add in chopped garlic, carrot and celery and cook for a while.3.As carrots and celery start to cook a bit, Add mince meat to it and cook till it becomes a bit brown and all of the meat is seared.4. Add a bit of salt at this time to the mixture.5. When ready add the tomato puree to it with basil ,oregano, thyme and black pepper. 6. Let it simmer on low flame , while you can work on your bechamel. 7. Finish off the sauce by adjusting salt and pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. The sauce should not be very thick nor very runny. BECHAMEL 50g butter50g flour500ml milkSalt Pepper 1. Heat butter in pan, making sure its not burnt.2. Add flour to it, and stir it till butter is incorporated in it and it starts to brown.3. As soon as flour starts to get brown pour in the milk and whisk continously to remove any lumps formed.4. If lumps still exist, use hand blender to make a smooth sauce.5. Season it according to taste. Nows the assembling part: 1.Take An oven proof dish.2.A layer of mince Sauce at bottom.3.Lasagna sheets on top.4. A layer of bechamel on top of lasagna.5. Cheese on top of bechamel.6. Then again steps 2-5.  Repeat the process 2-3 times as per the depth of your baking dish.Oven bake in 200 degree pre heated oven for 25-30 min. For veg variant you can use chopped vegetables instead of mince meat in the red sauce. Enjoy |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('multiply')|","fractions"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Suppose you are a biologist studying the reproduction of bacteria. You discover that the growth rate of bacteria is related to the ambient temperature: Growth rate: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}[/math] Your lab partner, who is a smartass, decides to slowly change the temperature during the experiment. You notice a change in the growth rate, and after chewing him out, you decide to see if the change is predictable. Now you have two related rates: Change in growth rate affected by change in temperature: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}/frac{/Delta T}{t}[/math] Where T is temperature and t is time. In order to unContinue ReadingSuppose you are a biologist studying the reproduction of bacteria. You discover that the growth rate of bacteria is related to the ambient temperature: Growth rate: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}[/math] Your lab partner, who is a smartass, decides to slowly change the temperature during the experiment. You notice a change in the growth rate, and after chewing him out, you decide to see if the change is predictable. Now you have two related rates: Change in growth rate affected by change in temperature: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}/frac{/Delta T}{t}[/math] Where T is temperature and t is time. In order to understand what is happening, you have to multiply fractions. Here’s an even harder one: [math]/displaystyle u_{t} + au_{x}=0[/math] This is called the wave transport function. Here u is an unknown function that controls the change in a wave over time [math]u_{t}[/math] , and the speed [math]au_{x}[/math] of the wave. The form above is shorthand for this: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/partial u}{/partial t} + a/frac{/partial u}{/partial x}=0[/math] Here again there are fractions to be multiplied. Good luck.","uppose you are a biologist studying the reproduction of bacteria. You discover that the growth rate of bacteria is related to the ambient temperature: Growth rate: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}[/math] Your lab partner, who is a smartass, decides to slowly change the temperature during the experiment. You notice a change in the growth rate, and after chewing him out, you decide to see if the change is predictable. Now you have two related rates: Change in growth rate affected by change in temperature: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}/frac{/Delta T}{t}[/math] Where T is temperature and t is time. In order to unContinue ReadingSuppose you are a biologist studying the reproduction of bacteria. You discover that the growth rate of bacteria is related to the ambient temperature: Growth rate: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}[/math] Your lab partner, who is a smartass, decides to slowly change the temperature during the experiment. You notice a change in the growth rate, and after chewing him out, you decide to see if the change is predictable. Now you have two related rates: Change in growth rate affected by change in temperature: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/Delta b}{t}/frac{/Delta T}{t}[/math] Where T is temperature and t is time. In order to understand what is happening, you have to multiply fractions. Here’s an even harder one: [math]/displaystyle u_{t} + au_{x}=0[/math] This is called the wave transport function. Here u is an unknown function that controls the change in a wave over time [math]u_{t}[/math] , and the speed [math]au_{x}[/math] of the wave. The form above is shorthand for this: [math]/displaystyle /frac{/partial u}{/partial t} + a/frac{/partial u}{/partial x}=0[/math] Here again there are fractions to be multiplied. Good luck. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are simply too many situations to list in a single post! So we have many instances when you’d need to multiply fractions. For example, we’re going to reduce our price by 20%. 20% = 20/100 or 2/10 or 1/5 as a fraction. So if the price was $30 and we’re dropping it by 20%, to figure out how much the price is being reduced, we’d multiply 1/5 by 30, which gives us $6. We might first take a piece of wood and cut that into 3 pieces. And then take each piece and cut it in half. So let’s say our wood is 18 feet long before we do any cutting. How long will each piece be when we’re completely done Continue ReadingThere are simply too many situations to list in a single post! So we have many instances when you’d need to multiply fractions. For example, we’re going to reduce our price by 20%. 20% = 20/100 or 2/10 or 1/5 as a fraction. So if the price was $30 and we’re dropping it by 20%, to figure out how much the price is being reduced, we’d multiply 1/5 by 30, which gives us $6. We might first take a piece of wood and cut that into 3 pieces. And then take each piece and cut it in half. So let’s say our wood is 18 feet long before we do any cutting. How long will each piece be when we’re completely done with all our cutting? To get this answer, we’d multiply 1/3 x 1/2, and then multiply this by 18. So 1/2 x 1/3 = 1/6. This tells us that we’ll have a total of 6 pieces of wood after everything has been cut. How long will each of those six pieces be? To get this, we’d multiply 1/6 by 18 = 3. So each of our six pieces of wood will measure 3 feet in length.","here are simply too many situations to list in a single post! So we have many instances when you’d need to multiply fractions. For example, we’re going to reduce our price by 20%. 20% = 20/100 or 2/10 or 1/5 as a fraction. So if the price was $30 and we’re dropping it by 20%, to figure out how much the price is being reduced, we’d multiply 1/5 by 30, which gives us $6. We might first take a piece of wood and cut that into 3 pieces. And then take each piece and cut it in half. So let’s say our wood is 18 feet long before we do any cutting. How long will each piece be when we’re completely done Continue ReadingThere are simply too many situations to list in a single post! So we have many instances when you’d need to multiply fractions. For example, we’re going to reduce our price by 20%. 20% = 20/100 or 2/10 or 1/5 as a fraction. So if the price was $30 and we’re dropping it by 20%, to figure out how much the price is being reduced, we’d multiply 1/5 by 30, which gives us $6. We might first take a piece of wood and cut that into 3 pieces. And then take each piece and cut it in half. So let’s say our wood is 18 feet long before we do any cutting. How long will each piece be when we’re completely done with all our cutting? To get this answer, we’d multiply 1/3 x 1/2, and then multiply this by 18. So 1/2 x 1/3 = 1/6. This tells us that we’ll have a total of 6 pieces of wood after everything has been cut. How long will each of those six pieces be? To get this, we’d multiply 1/6 by 18 = 3. So each of our six pieces of wood will measure 3 feet in length. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","When you are offered multiple discounts on a single item. Of course, you could always use a calculator, if you know how to use it properly. Or, you could ask a grownup.","hen you are offered multiple discounts on a single item. Of course, you could always use a calculator, if you know how to use it properly. Or, you could ask a grownup. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"why","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('we')|","|pal:NRT('care')|","|pal:NRT('about')|","fractions"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"The differences in speed we have today already matter. We have to use the theory of relativity,for example of everyday use, to calibrate GPS precision. If its off a few miliseconds the location showed there is incorrect.","he differences in speed we have today already matter. We have to use the theory of relativity,for example of everyday use, to calibrate GPS precision. If its off a few miliseconds the location showed there is incorrect. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Relativity allowed us to make working GPS satellites that wouldnt have worked without it. It also allows to plot the correct course to distant planets. The trajectories would be off by miles without it.","elativity allowed us to make working GPS satellites that wouldnt have worked without it. It also allows to plot the correct course to distant planets. The trajectories would be off by miles without it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","GPS - A system consisting of an array of satellites carrying aboard highly precise clocks. From obvious use of GPS in phones and military purposes, its also used in flight navigation, trekking etc etc.Because these satellites experience less gravity compared to a clock on Earths surface, they tick at a different speed. Another outcome of this theory is E=mc^2. The famous equation. When you heard anyone having managed to make an atomic bomb, then it means someone has exploited the outcomes of theory of relativity. You dont have to travel at the speed of light to use theory of relativity. SpeedContinue ReadingGPS - A system consisting of an array of satellites carrying aboard highly precise clocks. From obvious use of GPS in phones and military purposes, its also used in flight navigation, trekking etc etc.Because these satellites experience less gravity compared to a clock on Earths surface, they tick at a different speed. Another outcome of this theory is E=mc^2. The famous equation. When you heard anyone having managed to make an atomic bomb, then it means someone has exploited the outcomes of theory of relativity. You dont have to travel at the speed of light to use theory of relativity. Speed of light is an assumption in the theory of relativity. This assumption proves to be correct by years of putting this theory on trial. Everything in this universe can be explained by this theory(except when you use this theory to divide by zero resulting in a singularity).","PS - A system consisting of an array of satellites carrying aboard highly precise clocks. From obvious use of GPS in phones and military purposes, its also used in flight navigation, trekking etc etc.Because these satellites experience less gravity compared to a clock on Earths surface, they tick at a different speed. Another outcome of this theory is E=mc^2. The famous equation. When you heard anyone having managed to make an atomic bomb, then it means someone has exploited the outcomes of theory of relativity. You dont have to travel at the speed of light to use theory of relativity. SpeedContinue ReadingGPS - A system consisting of an array of satellites carrying aboard highly precise clocks. From obvious use of GPS in phones and military purposes, its also used in flight navigation, trekking etc etc.Because these satellites experience less gravity compared to a clock on Earths surface, they tick at a different speed. Another outcome of this theory is E=mc^2. The famous equation. When you heard anyone having managed to make an atomic bomb, then it means someone has exploited the outcomes of theory of relativity. You dont have to travel at the speed of light to use theory of relativity. Speed of light is an assumption in the theory of relativity. This assumption proves to be correct by years of putting this theory on trial. Everything in this universe can be explained by this theory(except when you use this theory to divide by zero resulting in a singularity). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Whose problem are you referring to, Ahmad? The Theory of Relativity has been demonstrated to be true countless thousands of times experimentally, so it doesnt have any problems. Sure, its not complete, and stubbornly refuses to talk to quantum mechanics, but as a theory, as far as it goes, it cannot be argued with. Even the recently-imaged black hole in M87, some 55 million light years away, confirms its predictions splendidly, as did the recent observation of gravitational redshift at the centre of our own galaxy, one of relativitys predictions. I can only assume you are referring to your laContinue ReadingWhose problem are you referring to, Ahmad? The Theory of Relativity has been demonstrated to be true countless thousands of times experimentally, so it doesnt have any problems. Sure, its not complete, and stubbornly refuses to talk to quantum mechanics, but as a theory, as far as it goes, it cannot be argued with. Even the recently-imaged black hole in M87, some 55 million light years away, confirms its predictions splendidly, as did the recent observation of gravitational redshift at the centre of our own galaxy, one of relativitys predictions. I can only assume you are referring to your lack of understanding of it. I am also uncertain what you mean by”quantitative depth” regarding the speed of light. Do feel free to ask questions about the bits of Relativity you dont understand, as there are Quorans, expert in this area, who will be happy to help you.","hose problem are you referring to, Ahmad? The Theory of Relativity has been demonstrated to be true countless thousands of times experimentally, so it doesnt have any problems. Sure, its not complete, and stubbornly refuses to talk to quantum mechanics, but as a theory, as far as it goes, it cannot be argued with. Even the recently-imaged black hole in M87, some 55 million light years away, confirms its predictions splendidly, as did the recent observation of gravitational redshift at the centre of our own galaxy, one of relativitys predictions. I can only assume you are referring to your laContinue ReadingWhose problem are you referring to, Ahmad? The Theory of Relativity has been demonstrated to be true countless thousands of times experimentally, so it doesnt have any problems. Sure, its not complete, and stubbornly refuses to talk to quantum mechanics, but as a theory, as far as it goes, it cannot be argued with. Even the recently-imaged black hole in M87, some 55 million light years away, confirms its predictions splendidly, as did the recent observation of gravitational redshift at the centre of our own galaxy, one of relativitys predictions. I can only assume you are referring to your lack of understanding of it. I am also uncertain what you mean by”quantitative depth” regarding the speed of light. Do feel free to ask questions about the bits of Relativity you dont understand, as there are Quorans, expert in this area, who will be happy to help you. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Actually, the actual theory says neither. What it does say is that there exists an invariant speed, which is the same for all observers. That’s all. That’s really all it says. The motivation for this theory was Maxwell’s electrodynamics, which does result in a specific value for the propagation of electromagnetic waves, such as light, in a vacuum. In pre-relativity physics, this speed would look different to different observers who move relative to each other. This would only be possible if these observers experienced different versions of Maxwell’s electrodynamics, but there was no indication tContinue ReadingActually, the actual theory says neither. What it does say is that there exists an invariant speed, which is the same for all observers. That’s all. That’s really all it says. The motivation for this theory was Maxwell’s electrodynamics, which does result in a specific value for the propagation of electromagnetic waves, such as light, in a vacuum. In pre-relativity physics, this speed would look different to different observers who move relative to each other. This would only be possible if these observers experienced different versions of Maxwell’s electrodynamics, but there was no indication that this was the case. So the solution basically amounted to turning the problem on its head: instead of changing the laws of electromagnetism, why not change the laws that relate moving observers to each other? One consequence of relativity theory is that continuous acceleration cannot change a slower-than-light speed into a faster-than-light speed or vice versa. It’s not a question of how powerful your rocket is or what it is made of: there is no acceptable transformation of spacetime geometry that transforms a slower-than-light reference frame into a faster-than-light reference frame. As a matter of fact, faster-than-light reference frames don’t even exist. Suppose you were traveling faster-than-light. That means that other observers see you moving faster-than-light. Once faster-than-light, always faster-than-light, so you should be seeing yourself moving faster-than-light. Yet relative to yourself you are at rest, which is certainly slower than light. So you are simultaneously faster and slower than light, which is an obvious contradiction. Note that this has nothing to do with what you are made of. Visible matter, invisible matter, known forms of matter, unknown forms of matter, it doesn’t matter. The issue is purely geometrical; material composition makes no difference.","ctually, the actual theory says neither. What it does say is that there exists an invariant speed, which is the same for all observers. That’s all. That’s really all it says. The motivation for this theory was Maxwell’s electrodynamics, which does result in a specific value for the propagation of electromagnetic waves, such as light, in a vacuum. In pre-relativity physics, this speed would look different to different observers who move relative to each other. This would only be possible if these observers experienced different versions of Maxwell’s electrodynamics, but there was no indication tContinue ReadingActually, the actual theory says neither. What it does say is that there exists an invariant speed, which is the same for all observers. That’s all. That’s really all it says. The motivation for this theory was Maxwell’s electrodynamics, which does result in a specific value for the propagation of electromagnetic waves, such as light, in a vacuum. In pre-relativity physics, this speed would look different to different observers who move relative to each other. This would only be possible if these observers experienced different versions of Maxwell’s electrodynamics, but there was no indication that this was the case. So the solution basically amounted to turning the problem on its head: instead of changing the laws of electromagnetism, why not change the laws that relate moving observers to each other? One consequence of relativity theory is that continuous acceleration cannot change a slower-than-light speed into a faster-than-light speed or vice versa. It’s not a question of how powerful your rocket is or what it is made of: there is no acceptable transformation of spacetime geometry that transforms a slower-than-light reference frame into a faster-than-light reference frame. As a matter of fact, faster-than-light reference frames don’t even exist. Suppose you were traveling faster-than-light. That means that other observers see you moving faster-than-light. Once faster-than-light, always faster-than-light, so you should be seeing yourself moving faster-than-light. Yet relative to yourself you are at rest, which is certainly slower than light. So you are simultaneously faster and slower than light, which is an obvious contradiction. Note that this has nothing to do with what you are made of. Visible matter, invisible matter, known forms of matter, unknown forms of matter, it doesn’t matter. The issue is purely geometrical; material composition makes no difference. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('write')|","letter"}, nil, {0,1}, nil, nil, nil,{"As the Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi is one of the most important public figures in the country. Many people may have questions, concerns, or suggestions that they wish to communicate to him directly. Writing a letter to Mr. Modi is a way to voice your thoughts and opinions to the Prime Minister. To write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, you can follow these simple steps:Begin by addressing the letter to The Honorable Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi.Introduce yourself briefly and state the purpose of your letter. Be clear and concise in your communication.Present your thContinue ReadingAs the Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi is one of the most important public figures in the country. Many people may have questions, concerns, or suggestions that they wish to communicate to him directly. Writing a letter to Mr. Modi is a way to voice your thoughts and opinions to the Prime Minister. To write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, you can follow these simple steps:Begin by addressing the letter to The Honorable Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi.Introduce yourself briefly and state the purpose of your letter. Be clear and concise in your communication.Present your thoughts, questions, or suggestions in a respectful and courteous manner. Avoid using inflammatory or accusatory language.Conclude your letter by thanking Mr. Modi for his time and attention, and express your hope that he will consider your message.Sign the letter with your name and contact information, including your address and phone number.Once you have written your letter, you can mail it to the Prime Ministers Office at South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi - 110011, India. Alternatively, you can also submit your letter through the Write to the Prime Minister section on the official Prime Ministers Office website. Writing a letter to the Prime Minister is a great way to express your thoughts and ideas. Whether it is a suggestion, a concern or a compliment, it is important to do so in a respectful and courteous manner. By following the above steps, you can ensure that your letter is clear and well-written, and stands the best chance of getting the attention it deserves.","s the Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi is one of the most important public figures in the country. Many people may have questions, concerns, or suggestions that they wish to communicate to him directly. Writing a letter to Mr. Modi is a way to voice your thoughts and opinions to the Prime Minister. To write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, you can follow these simple steps:Begin by addressing the letter to The Honorable Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi.Introduce yourself briefly and state the purpose of your letter. Be clear and concise in your communication.Present your thContinue ReadingAs the Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi is one of the most important public figures in the country. Many people may have questions, concerns, or suggestions that they wish to communicate to him directly. Writing a letter to Mr. Modi is a way to voice your thoughts and opinions to the Prime Minister. To write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, you can follow these simple steps:Begin by addressing the letter to The Honorable Prime Minister of India, Mr. Narendra Modi.Introduce yourself briefly and state the purpose of your letter. Be clear and concise in your communication.Present your thoughts, questions, or suggestions in a respectful and courteous manner. Avoid using inflammatory or accusatory language.Conclude your letter by thanking Mr. Modi for his time and attention, and express your hope that he will consider your message.Sign the letter with your name and contact information, including your address and phone number.Once you have written your letter, you can mail it to the Prime Ministers Office at South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi - 110011, India. Alternatively, you can also submit your letter through the Write to the Prime Minister section on the official Prime Ministers Office website. Writing a letter to the Prime Minister is a great way to express your thoughts and ideas. Whether it is a suggestion, a concern or a compliment, it is important to do so in a respectful and courteous manner. By following the above steps, you can ensure that your letter is clear and well-written, and stands the best chance of getting the attention it deserves. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Sir Narendra Modi ji, I Siddhant Patil residence of belgaum, Karnataka .Would like to tell you some of the MAJOR problems facing by me and the localites. A board named Waqf board is troubling us a lot by illeagle actions on our properties loacted in belgaum (Anandwadi, Shahpur) . We resident here from decades have paid all of the taxes from since. All d property documents are clear but too this board is causing a problems by sending some police and non sense stay orders without any base they have also made changes in Diary records by offering bribes to officers as those of the 2 officers are sContinue ReadingSir Narendra Modi ji, I Siddhant Patil residence of belgaum, Karnataka .Would like to tell you some of the MAJOR problems facing by me and the localites. A board named Waqf board is troubling us a lot by illeagle actions on our properties loacted in belgaum (Anandwadi, Shahpur) . We resident here from decades have paid all of the taxes from since. All d property documents are clear but too this board is causing a problems by sending some police and non sense stay orders without any base they have also made changes in Diary records by offering bribes to officers as those of the 2 officers are suspended. I can also provide you the respective documents for this but please give us relief from this as this muslim board is doing it at many places in belgaum. Please I kindly request you to go through this. Hopefully we have got a great PM. Have a hope and trust on you Sir.","ir Narendra Modi ji, I Siddhant Patil residence of belgaum, Karnataka .Would like to tell you some of the MAJOR problems facing by me and the localites. A board named Waqf board is troubling us a lot by illeagle actions on our properties loacted in belgaum (Anandwadi, Shahpur) . We resident here from decades have paid all of the taxes from since. All d property documents are clear but too this board is causing a problems by sending some police and non sense stay orders without any base they have also made changes in Diary records by offering bribes to officers as those of the 2 officers are sContinue ReadingSir Narendra Modi ji, I Siddhant Patil residence of belgaum, Karnataka .Would like to tell you some of the MAJOR problems facing by me and the localites. A board named Waqf board is troubling us a lot by illeagle actions on our properties loacted in belgaum (Anandwadi, Shahpur) . We resident here from decades have paid all of the taxes from since. All d property documents are clear but too this board is causing a problems by sending some police and non sense stay orders without any base they have also made changes in Diary records by offering bribes to officers as those of the 2 officers are suspended. I can also provide you the respective documents for this but please give us relief from this as this muslim board is doing it at many places in belgaum. Please I kindly request you to go through this. Hopefully we have got a great PM. Have a hope and trust on you Sir. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you would like to write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, the current Prime Minister of India, you can follow these steps: Begin with the salutation: Start your letter with Dear Prime Minister Modi or Respected Prime Minister Modi. Introduce yourself: In the opening paragraph, briefly introduce yourself and explain the reason for writing the letter. Be clear and concise in your message. Explain your concern: In the following paragraphs, explain your concern or issue in detail. Provide any relevant background information and share your thoughts and opinions on the matter. Request action: If youContinue ReadingIf you would like to write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, the current Prime Minister of India, you can follow these steps: Begin with the salutation: Start your letter with Dear Prime Minister Modi or Respected Prime Minister Modi. Introduce yourself: In the opening paragraph, briefly introduce yourself and explain the reason for writing the letter. Be clear and concise in your message. Explain your concern: In the following paragraphs, explain your concern or issue in detail. Provide any relevant background information and share your thoughts and opinions on the matter. Request action: If you are writing to request action or support, be clear about what you are asking for and why. Provide any supporting evidence or data that may be helpful in making your case. Close the letter: In the closing paragraph, thank Prime Minister Modi for his time and attention, and express your hope for a positive outcome. Provide your contact information if you would like a response. Proofread the letter: Before sending the letter, make sure to proofread it carefully to ensure that it is clear, concise, and free of errors","If you would like to write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, the current Prime Minister of India, you can follow these steps: Begin with the salutation: Start your letter with Dear Prime Minister Modi or Respected Prime Minister Modi. Introduce yourself: In the opening paragraph, briefly introduce yourself and explain the reason for writing the letter. Be clear and concise in your message. Explain your concern: In the following paragraphs, explain your concern or issue in detail. Provide any relevant background information and share your thoughts and opinions on the matter. Request action: If youContinue ReadingIf you would like to write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi, the current Prime Minister of India, you can follow these steps: Begin with the salutation: Start your letter with Dear Prime Minister Modi or Respected Prime Minister Modi. Introduce yourself: In the opening paragraph, briefly introduce yourself and explain the reason for writing the letter. Be clear and concise in your message. Explain your concern: In the following paragraphs, explain your concern or issue in detail. Provide any relevant background information and share your thoughts and opinions on the matter. Request action: If you are writing to request action or support, be clear about what you are asking for and why. Provide any supporting evidence or data that may be helpful in making your case. Close the letter: In the closing paragraph, thank Prime Minister Modi for his time and attention, and express your hope for a positive outcome. Provide your contact information if you would like a response. Proofread the letter: Before sending the letter, make sure to proofread it carefully to ensure that it is clear, concise, and free of errors |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi by using the official contact form available on the Prime Ministers website. You can also send a letter to the Prime Ministers Office in New Delhi. The address is: Prime Ministers Office, South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi-110011, India.","ou can write a letter to Mr. Narendra Modi by using the official contact form available on the Prime Ministers website. You can also send a letter to the Prime Ministers Office in New Delhi. The address is: Prime Ministers Office, South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi-110011, India. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('impress')|","girl"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('impress')|","boy"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","pizzdough"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"From: Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana Regulations for obtaining use of the collective trade mark “Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana). Ingredients and recommended amounts: The following doses are based on 1 litre (1000ml) of water Water 1 litre (1000 ml)Salt 50-55 gramsYeast 3 gramsFlour 1.7/1.8 kg (depending on strength) Mixing time 10 minutes to add flour and prepare mixture in order to reach its ‘optimal point’, knead for a further 20 minutes. First stage of dough rise 2 hours: “staglio a mano” dough hand cut and rolled into small balls referred to as ‘panetti’ Second stage oContinue ReadingFrom: Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana Regulations for obtaining use of the collective trade mark “Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana). Ingredients and recommended amounts: The following doses are based on 1 litre (1000ml) of water Water 1 litre (1000 ml)Salt 50-55 gramsYeast 3 gramsFlour 1.7/1.8 kg (depending on strength) Mixing time 10 minutes to add flour and prepare mixture in order to reach its ‘optimal point’, knead for a further 20 minutes. First stage of dough rise 2 hours: “staglio a mano” dough hand cut and rolled into small balls referred to as ‘panetti’ Second stage of dough rise:Form small balls of approximately 180- 250 gramsPlace balls in ‘rising boxes’ (alimentary cases) for 4-6 hours Recommended levitation temperature Room temperature : 25°c Conservation temperature As above for 6 hours following second stage of levitation. To further ensure a uniform product, with varying seasonal conditions, controlled environments are recommended to guarantee and regulate temperature and humidity. Production techniques The preparation of  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) exclusively follows the below method of production used in a continuous cycle. Blend flour, water, salt and yeast. Pour a litre of water into a mixer, dissolve between the 50 and the 55g of salt, add 10% of the total amount of flour, and then add 3g of yeast. Start the mixer, and then gradually add 1800 g of flour (w220-380) until of the desired dough consistency is achieved. Combining the ingredients should take 10 minutes. Mix the dough at low speed for 20 minutes, until the dough forms a single ball. To obtain the optimal dough consistency, it is very important to control the quantity of water, so that the flour is able to absorb it all. The mixture should be sticky, soft and elastic to touch. The distinguishing product factor and characteristic of the recommended flour used for  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) allows it to absorb between 50 to 55% of its weight in water to reach the “optimal point” The preparation of the dough in the mixer should be done without causing the dough to become warm. Dough characteristics The characteristics of the dough should be as follows, a variance of ±10% is tolerated. Fermentation temperature: 25°C Final pH 5.87 TA/Acidity 0.14 Density 0.79 g/cc (+34%) Fermentation/Dough Rising: First phase: remove the dough from the mixer, and place it on a surface in the pizzeria where it can be left to rest for 2 hours, covered by a damp cloth. In this manner the doughs surface cannot harden, nor can it form a crust caused by the evaporation of the moisture released from the dough. The dough is left, intact, to rise for 2 hours. With the aid of a spatula, the mixture is cut into strips from which pieces are broken off and then shaped into balls. The formation of the balls must be done exclusively by hand. This technique, known as ‘staglio a mano’ whereby the dough is made into small balls, ‘panetti’, is reminiscent of the technique used in the preparation of mozzarella – ‘mozzatura’ also done by hand. For  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) the dough balls (‘panetti’) must weigh between 180 and 250 g. Second phase: Once the individual dough balls (‘panetti’) are formed, they are left in ‘rising boxes’ known as “mattarelle” (alimentary cases – see appendices for further details) for the second rising stage, which lasts between 4 to 6 hours. By controlling storage temperature (keeping at room temperature), these dough balls can then be used at any time for the following 6 hours. Reference: http://www.pizzanapoletana.org/public/pdf/disciplinare%202008%20UK.pdf","From: Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana Regulations for obtaining use of the collective trade mark “Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana). Ingredients and recommended amounts: The following doses are based on 1 litre (1000ml) of water Water 1 litre (1000 ml)Salt 50-55 gramsYeast 3 gramsFlour 1.7/1.8 kg (depending on strength) Mixing time 10 minutes to add flour and prepare mixture in order to reach its ‘optimal point’, knead for a further 20 minutes. First stage of dough rise 2 hours: “staglio a mano” dough hand cut and rolled into small balls referred to as ‘panetti’ Second stage oContinue ReadingFrom: Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana Regulations for obtaining use of the collective trade mark “Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana). Ingredients and recommended amounts: The following doses are based on 1 litre (1000ml) of water Water 1 litre (1000 ml)Salt 50-55 gramsYeast 3 gramsFlour 1.7/1.8 kg (depending on strength) Mixing time 10 minutes to add flour and prepare mixture in order to reach its ‘optimal point’, knead for a further 20 minutes. First stage of dough rise 2 hours: “staglio a mano” dough hand cut and rolled into small balls referred to as ‘panetti’ Second stage of dough rise:Form small balls of approximately 180- 250 gramsPlace balls in ‘rising boxes’ (alimentary cases) for 4-6 hours Recommended levitation temperature Room temperature : 25°c Conservation temperature As above for 6 hours following second stage of levitation. To further ensure a uniform product, with varying seasonal conditions, controlled environments are recommended to guarantee and regulate temperature and humidity. Production techniques The preparation of  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) exclusively follows the below method of production used in a continuous cycle. Blend flour, water, salt and yeast. Pour a litre of water into a mixer, dissolve between the 50 and the 55g of salt, add 10% of the total amount of flour, and then add 3g of yeast. Start the mixer, and then gradually add 1800 g of flour (w220-380) until of the desired dough consistency is achieved. Combining the ingredients should take 10 minutes. Mix the dough at low speed for 20 minutes, until the dough forms a single ball. To obtain the optimal dough consistency, it is very important to control the quantity of water, so that the flour is able to absorb it all. The mixture should be sticky, soft and elastic to touch. The distinguishing product factor and characteristic of the recommended flour used for  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) allows it to absorb between 50 to 55% of its weight in water to reach the “optimal point” The preparation of the dough in the mixer should be done without causing the dough to become warm. Dough characteristics The characteristics of the dough should be as follows, a variance of ±10% is tolerated. Fermentation temperature: 25°C Final pH 5.87 TA/Acidity 0.14 Density 0.79 g/cc (+34%) Fermentation/Dough Rising: First phase: remove the dough from the mixer, and place it on a surface in the pizzeria where it can be left to rest for 2 hours, covered by a damp cloth. In this manner the doughs surface cannot harden, nor can it form a crust caused by the evaporation of the moisture released from the dough. The dough is left, intact, to rise for 2 hours. With the aid of a spatula, the mixture is cut into strips from which pieces are broken off and then shaped into balls. The formation of the balls must be done exclusively by hand. This technique, known as ‘staglio a mano’ whereby the dough is made into small balls, ‘panetti’, is reminiscent of the technique used in the preparation of mozzarella – ‘mozzatura’ also done by hand. For  Verace Pizza Napoletana” - (Vera Pizza Napoletana) the dough balls (‘panetti’) must weigh between 180 and 250 g. Second phase: Once the individual dough balls (‘panetti’) are formed, they are left in ‘rising boxes’ known as “mattarelle” (alimentary cases – see appendices for further details) for the second rising stage, which lasts between 4 to 6 hours. By controlling storage temperature (keeping at room temperature), these dough balls can then be used at any time for the following 6 hours. Reference: http://www.pizzanapoletana.org/public/pdf/disciplinare%202008%20UK.pdf |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","First of all, it all depends on the type of pizza you like: Neapolitan, NY style, Sicilian, Chicago style deep dish, etc. Then on the type of oven you have (wood fired, grill, Green Egg, baking stone, etc). Each of those style of pizza and each oven requires a different dough to maximize the flavor of the crust. Let’s assume you want to make a Neapolitan-style pizza in a domestic oven, using a baking stone. Good, that can truly result in a wonderful pizza, assuming you get the crust right (every Italian will tell you that a good pizza is at least 50% the quality of the crust, possibly more) andContinue ReadingFirst of all, it all depends on the type of pizza you like: Neapolitan, NY style, Sicilian, Chicago style deep dish, etc. Then on the type of oven you have (wood fired, grill, Green Egg, baking stone, etc). Each of those style of pizza and each oven requires a different dough to maximize the flavor of the crust. Let’s assume you want to make a Neapolitan-style pizza in a domestic oven, using a baking stone. Good, that can truly result in a wonderful pizza, assuming you get the crust right (every Italian will tell you that a good pizza is at least 50% the quality of the crust, possibly more) and add few good quality toppings: simple San Marzano crushed tomatoes (no extra cooking: tomatoes are cooked once in the can, another time in the oven over the pizza: no need to make a special pizza sauce cooking even more. Just add a bit of salt, basil and oregano to a good can of tomatoes and crush or blend them), good mozzarella cheese, not too much, and just 2–3 extra toppings. Overloading your pizza results in soggy crust and muddied flavors Slow rising and fermenting time is key to flavor, together with a high quality flour. Making dough is easy when a few basic rules are followed The best recipe for a domestic home Neapolitan pizza is without questions Peter Reinhart’s. As a matter of fact, if you like bread, focaccia, pizza and baking in general, I highly recommend Peter’s book: The Bread Bakers Apprentice, 15th Anniversary Edition: Mastering the Art of Extraordinary Bread - Kindle edition by Peter Reinhart. Cookbooks, Food &amp; Wine Kindle eBooks @ Amazon.com.. You will truly learn why dough behaves the way it does. Watching Peter speak is also a pleasure: The art and craft of bread Here are a few links to Peter’s recipe: A Pizza Primer, Peter Reinharts Neo-Neopolitan Pizza Dough Recipe Happy pizza making!","First of all, it all depends on the type of pizza you like: Neapolitan, NY style, Sicilian, Chicago style deep dish, etc. Then on the type of oven you have (wood fired, grill, Green Egg, baking stone, etc). Each of those style of pizza and each oven requires a different dough to maximize the flavor of the crust. Let’s assume you want to make a Neapolitan-style pizza in a domestic oven, using a baking stone. Good, that can truly result in a wonderful pizza, assuming you get the crust right (every Italian will tell you that a good pizza is at least 50% the quality of the crust, possibly more) andContinue ReadingFirst of all, it all depends on the type of pizza you like: Neapolitan, NY style, Sicilian, Chicago style deep dish, etc. Then on the type of oven you have (wood fired, grill, Green Egg, baking stone, etc). Each of those style of pizza and each oven requires a different dough to maximize the flavor of the crust. Let’s assume you want to make a Neapolitan-style pizza in a domestic oven, using a baking stone. Good, that can truly result in a wonderful pizza, assuming you get the crust right (every Italian will tell you that a good pizza is at least 50% the quality of the crust, possibly more) and add few good quality toppings: simple San Marzano crushed tomatoes (no extra cooking: tomatoes are cooked once in the can, another time in the oven over the pizza: no need to make a special pizza sauce cooking even more. Just add a bit of salt, basil and oregano to a good can of tomatoes and crush or blend them), good mozzarella cheese, not too much, and just 2–3 extra toppings. Overloading your pizza results in soggy crust and muddied flavors Slow rising and fermenting time is key to flavor, together with a high quality flour. Making dough is easy when a few basic rules are followed The best recipe for a domestic home Neapolitan pizza is without questions Peter Reinhart’s. As a matter of fact, if you like bread, focaccia, pizza and baking in general, I highly recommend Peter’s book: The Bread Bakers Apprentice, 15th Anniversary Edition: Mastering the Art of Extraordinary Bread - Kindle edition by Peter Reinhart. Cookbooks, Food &amp; Wine Kindle eBooks @ Amazon.com.. You will truly learn why dough behaves the way it does. Watching Peter speak is also a pleasure: The art and craft of bread Here are a few links to Peter’s recipe: A Pizza Primer, Peter Reinharts Neo-Neopolitan Pizza Dough Recipe Happy pizza making! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You need wheat flour, water, yeast and salt. I also use a bit of olive oil. The wheat flour would be labeled typo 00 in Italy, which means it has a lot of gluten and a high protein content. (I dont know the US categories, so someone might want one to suggest an edit here and add this information). Use a mixer with dough hooks. If you use fresh yeast:Dissolve 20-25 g of yeast in 300 ml water at room temperature (a fork helps)Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowlStart mixing and add the water with the yeast in small portions. Mix thoroughly - it takes time!If you use dry yeast:Put 500 g of wheatContinue ReadingYou need wheat flour, water, yeast and salt. I also use a bit of olive oil. The wheat flour would be labeled typo 00 in Italy, which means it has a lot of gluten and a high protein content. (I dont know the US categories, so someone might want one to suggest an edit here and add this information). Use a mixer with dough hooks. If you use fresh yeast:Dissolve 20-25 g of yeast in 300 ml water at room temperature (a fork helps)Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowlStart mixing and add the water with the yeast in small portions. Mix thoroughly - it takes time!If you use dry yeast:Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowl and add the dried yeast. Blend with a fork. Move the mix to the margins of the bowl to create a pit in the middle.Pour 300 ml of water at room temperature into the pit.Start mixing in the center of the bowl, collecting the flour mix from the rim in small portions. Mix thoroughly—it takes time!Continue (in both cases) like this:The dough is supposed to be elastic; if not add some more flour or water, but only very little at once! It is OK when your mixing machine starts to protest.Let the dough rest for a few minutes.Then add a tea spoon of salt to the bowl and a table spoon of olive oil. Knead the dough with your hands for five minutes so that salt and oil are slowly worked into it. If do it with clean hands, the dough wont stick to them when your finished.Put a towel on the bowl and let the dough prove at room temperature for app. 90 minutes. Alternatively, you can put wrap on the bowl and let it prove in your fridge (make sure to have enough headroom!). It will prove within 4 hours there and stay fresh for more than 48 hours, so you can prepare your dough days before.If your ready for your pizza production, make four (thick) to six (thin) portions and roll the dough on plenty of wheat flour to the size you like. Roll it immediately before the pizza goes into the oven; if you can cook only one or two at a time, have the other dough balls covered with your towel. Pizza is all about heat. Heat your oven to the max, put the pizza onto a solid oven tray (pre-heat it if you can) and use one of the bottom slots. Dont overload it with ingredients. Enjoy!","You need wheat flour, water, yeast and salt. I also use a bit of olive oil. The wheat flour would be labeled typo 00 in Italy, which means it has a lot of gluten and a high protein content. (I dont know the US categories, so someone might want one to suggest an edit here and add this information). Use a mixer with dough hooks. If you use fresh yeast:Dissolve 20-25 g of yeast in 300 ml water at room temperature (a fork helps)Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowlStart mixing and add the water with the yeast in small portions. Mix thoroughly - it takes time!If you use dry yeast:Put 500 g of wheatContinue ReadingYou need wheat flour, water, yeast and salt. I also use a bit of olive oil. The wheat flour would be labeled typo 00 in Italy, which means it has a lot of gluten and a high protein content. (I dont know the US categories, so someone might want one to suggest an edit here and add this information). Use a mixer with dough hooks. If you use fresh yeast:Dissolve 20-25 g of yeast in 300 ml water at room temperature (a fork helps)Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowlStart mixing and add the water with the yeast in small portions. Mix thoroughly - it takes time!If you use dry yeast:Put 500 g of wheat flour in a bowl and add the dried yeast. Blend with a fork. Move the mix to the margins of the bowl to create a pit in the middle.Pour 300 ml of water at room temperature into the pit.Start mixing in the center of the bowl, collecting the flour mix from the rim in small portions. Mix thoroughly—it takes time!Continue (in both cases) like this:The dough is supposed to be elastic; if not add some more flour or water, but only very little at once! It is OK when your mixing machine starts to protest.Let the dough rest for a few minutes.Then add a tea spoon of salt to the bowl and a table spoon of olive oil. Knead the dough with your hands for five minutes so that salt and oil are slowly worked into it. If do it with clean hands, the dough wont stick to them when your finished.Put a towel on the bowl and let the dough prove at room temperature for app. 90 minutes. Alternatively, you can put wrap on the bowl and let it prove in your fridge (make sure to have enough headroom!). It will prove within 4 hours there and stay fresh for more than 48 hours, so you can prepare your dough days before.If your ready for your pizza production, make four (thick) to six (thin) portions and roll the dough on plenty of wheat flour to the size you like. Roll it immediately before the pizza goes into the oven; if you can cook only one or two at a time, have the other dough balls covered with your towel. Pizza is all about heat. Heat your oven to the max, put the pizza onto a solid oven tray (pre-heat it if you can) and use one of the bottom slots. Dont overload it with ingredients. Enjoy! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('write')|","cv"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume withouContinue ReadingThe thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume without having a clear objective in mind, it will likely come across as unfocused to those that read it. Take the time before you start your resume to form a clear objective.Think of your resume as a marketing tool. Think of yourself as a product, potential employers as your customers, and your resume as a brochure about you. Market yourself through your resume. What are your features and benefits? What makes you unique? Make sure to convey this information in your resume.Use your resume to obtain an interview, not a job. You don’t need to go into detail about every accomplishment. Strive to be clear and concise. The purpose of your resume is to generate enough interest in you to have an employer contact you for an interview. Use the interview to provide a more detailed explanation of your accomplishments and to land a job offer.Use bulleted sentences. In the body of your resume, use bullets with short sentences rather than lengthy paragraphs. Resumes are read quickly. This bulleted sentence format makes it easier for someone to quickly scan your resume and still absorb it.Use action words. Action words cause your resume to pop. To add life to your resume, use bulleted sentences that begin with action words like prepared, developed, monitored, and presented.Lead with your strengths. Since resumes are typically reviewed in 30 seconds, take the time to determine which bullets most strongly support your job search objective. Put those strong points first where they are more apt to be read.","he thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume withouContinue ReadingThe thought of writing a resume intimidates almost anyone. It’s difficult to know where to start or what to include. However, having a good resume could be the difference between success and failure in landing your dream position. Here are some tips to help you not only tackle the task but also write a winning resume.Determine your job search objective prior to writing the resume. Once you have determined your objective, you can structure the content of your resume around that objective. Think of your objectives as the bull’s-eye to focus your resume on hitting. If you write your resume without having a clear objective in mind, it will likely come across as unfocused to those that read it. Take the time before you start your resume to form a clear objective.Think of your resume as a marketing tool. Think of yourself as a product, potential employers as your customers, and your resume as a brochure about you. Market yourself through your resume. What are your features and benefits? What makes you unique? Make sure to convey this information in your resume.Use your resume to obtain an interview, not a job. You don’t need to go into detail about every accomplishment. Strive to be clear and concise. The purpose of your resume is to generate enough interest in you to have an employer contact you for an interview. Use the interview to provide a more detailed explanation of your accomplishments and to land a job offer.Use bulleted sentences. In the body of your resume, use bullets with short sentences rather than lengthy paragraphs. Resumes are read quickly. This bulleted sentence format makes it easier for someone to quickly scan your resume and still absorb it.Use action words. Action words cause your resume to pop. To add life to your resume, use bulleted sentences that begin with action words like prepared, developed, monitored, and presented.Lead with your strengths. Since resumes are typically reviewed in 30 seconds, take the time to determine which bullets most strongly support your job search objective. Put those strong points first where they are more apt to be read. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Welcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot downContinue ReadingWelcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot down your recent and job-relevant experiences. It is said that you should include the experience of only the last ten to fifteen years.Create your own resume templateYou can use any professional template but it will be a plus point if you will create your own resume template. Originality is accepted and appreciated everywhere. Put your qualifications at the top to seek the attention of the person who is going to hire you.Include job relevant informationI have seen many people who use the same resume for every job. But, that is not a good practice. You should include job-relevant information regarding the job you are applying for. You can focus on experience, skills, achievements, and qualifications at the top to grab the attention of your seniors.Make your resume professionalMake your resume looks professional. Use clear fonts, you can use 10 to 12 sizes and a basic font like Arial or Times New Roman. It will give a polished and professional look to your resume. There should not be any unnecessary white space in between the words. If your resume is long, you should frame concise sentences and subsequently you will have a little extra space to add your interests and skills.Keep necessary headings and subheadingsEradicate the unnecessary headings and subheadings on your resume. For example, a Resume summary and Ras same objective are the same things. But, most people use both on their resumes. Instead of writing both, you can choose any one of them. Do not include empty sections in your resume. You can replace it with an internship or academic work and achievements.Dont forget to proofreadTo avoid spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, you should go through the proofreading process before sending. You can also ask your friends or family members to proofread. There are many online applications available on the internet for this very purpose, which you can use. In this cut-throat market, resumes hold a special place. Resume communicates with hirers why and how you are perfect for this job. It shows your skills and experience. A good resume grabs the attention of hirers and leads you to an interview. Instead of crafting a resume in hurry, you should devise a proper strategy on how to make your resume more appealing and eye-catching. Apart from these tips, if you want professional support you can choose Writrox Resume Writing Services to get a high-quality resume or cv for yourself. Thank you!","Welcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot downContinue ReadingWelcome readers, Do you want to know the secret to crafting a high-quality resume? Then, you are on the right page. It is the best way to showcase your skills, achievements, and top qualities. It plays a pivotal role in getting a job. Today we will discuss how to write a high-quality resume. How does one write a high-quality résumé or Cv?Make your resume clear and conciseInstead of elaboration, try to keep it to the point. You should avoid adding unnecessary information and making it two pages long. One page is sufficient. Yes, you can add one extra page in case it is necessary. Try to jot down your recent and job-relevant experiences. It is said that you should include the experience of only the last ten to fifteen years.Create your own resume templateYou can use any professional template but it will be a plus point if you will create your own resume template. Originality is accepted and appreciated everywhere. Put your qualifications at the top to seek the attention of the person who is going to hire you.Include job relevant informationI have seen many people who use the same resume for every job. But, that is not a good practice. You should include job-relevant information regarding the job you are applying for. You can focus on experience, skills, achievements, and qualifications at the top to grab the attention of your seniors.Make your resume professionalMake your resume looks professional. Use clear fonts, you can use 10 to 12 sizes and a basic font like Arial or Times New Roman. It will give a polished and professional look to your resume. There should not be any unnecessary white space in between the words. If your resume is long, you should frame concise sentences and subsequently you will have a little extra space to add your interests and skills.Keep necessary headings and subheadingsEradicate the unnecessary headings and subheadings on your resume. For example, a Resume summary and Ras same objective are the same things. But, most people use both on their resumes. Instead of writing both, you can choose any one of them. Do not include empty sections in your resume. You can replace it with an internship or academic work and achievements.Dont forget to proofreadTo avoid spelling mistakes and grammatical errors, you should go through the proofreading process before sending. You can also ask your friends or family members to proofread. There are many online applications available on the internet for this very purpose, which you can use. In this cut-throat market, resumes hold a special place. Resume communicates with hirers why and how you are perfect for this job. It shows your skills and experience. A good resume grabs the attention of hirers and leads you to an interview. Instead of crafting a resume in hurry, you should devise a proper strategy on how to make your resume more appealing and eye-catching. Apart from these tips, if you want professional support you can choose Writrox Resume Writing Services to get a high-quality resume or cv for yourself. Thank you! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","pas"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"I have made pasta many times, and feel qualified to answer this question. I assume that you are talking about using wheat flour. I have not made pasta with any other kind.Make a little hill of flour on your table, then make an indentation in the hill. Drop an egg or two into the indentation (without the shells, do I have to explain everything?)Knead the eggs into the flour, adding more flour as necessary to create a smooth, elastic dough. If you started with a lot of flour, it may not all work in - the dough knows how much flour it wants, there is no point forcing it.Once you have your dough, Continue ReadingI have made pasta many times, and feel qualified to answer this question. I assume that you are talking about using wheat flour. I have not made pasta with any other kind.Make a little hill of flour on your table, then make an indentation in the hill. Drop an egg or two into the indentation (without the shells, do I have to explain everything?)Knead the eggs into the flour, adding more flour as necessary to create a smooth, elastic dough. If you started with a lot of flour, it may not all work in - the dough knows how much flour it wants, there is no point forcing it.Once you have your dough, get out your pasta machine or your rolling pin, whichever you have. If you are using a machine, break off a small bit of dough, perhaps the size of a ping pong ball, then roll it at the widest setting. fold it in half, then run it through a few more times until it rolls smoothly. You may need to add more flour during this process. Change the setting to for a slightly thinner result, and repeat. Keep doing this until you have a piece of smooth dough that is the thickness you prefer. The more you run the dough through the machine, the better it will be. If you are using a rolling pin, the process is very similar, and will give you a great upper body workout. Again, the more you roll and fold the dough, the more the gluten will develop, and the tooth of the pasta will be better.Cut your pasta into your desired shape/size, then let it rest. If it is just strips of pasta, you can hang it over a broomstick laid across two chair backs. If you have molded ravioli or some other shape, set it on a rack to dry and rest. Drying and resting will improve your pasta.Do not overcook your pasta! Fresh pasta dropped into boiling water will be done in just a minute or two.If you are using the pasta in soup, I recommend cooking it separately, then adding it to the soup right when it is being served. Otherwise, it will disintegrate into the soup.Good luck with your pasta!","I have made pasta many times, and feel qualified to answer this question. I assume that you are talking about using wheat flour. I have not made pasta with any other kind.Make a little hill of flour on your table, then make an indentation in the hill. Drop an egg or two into the indentation (without the shells, do I have to explain everything?)Knead the eggs into the flour, adding more flour as necessary to create a smooth, elastic dough. If you started with a lot of flour, it may not all work in - the dough knows how much flour it wants, there is no point forcing it.Once you have your dough, Continue ReadingI have made pasta many times, and feel qualified to answer this question. I assume that you are talking about using wheat flour. I have not made pasta with any other kind.Make a little hill of flour on your table, then make an indentation in the hill. Drop an egg or two into the indentation (without the shells, do I have to explain everything?)Knead the eggs into the flour, adding more flour as necessary to create a smooth, elastic dough. If you started with a lot of flour, it may not all work in - the dough knows how much flour it wants, there is no point forcing it.Once you have your dough, get out your pasta machine or your rolling pin, whichever you have. If you are using a machine, break off a small bit of dough, perhaps the size of a ping pong ball, then roll it at the widest setting. fold it in half, then run it through a few more times until it rolls smoothly. You may need to add more flour during this process. Change the setting to for a slightly thinner result, and repeat. Keep doing this until you have a piece of smooth dough that is the thickness you prefer. The more you run the dough through the machine, the better it will be. If you are using a rolling pin, the process is very similar, and will give you a great upper body workout. Again, the more you roll and fold the dough, the more the gluten will develop, and the tooth of the pasta will be better.Cut your pasta into your desired shape/size, then let it rest. If it is just strips of pasta, you can hang it over a broomstick laid across two chair backs. If you have molded ravioli or some other shape, set it on a rack to dry and rest. Drying and resting will improve your pasta.Do not overcook your pasta! Fresh pasta dropped into boiling water will be done in just a minute or two.If you are using the pasta in soup, I recommend cooking it separately, then adding it to the soup right when it is being served. Otherwise, it will disintegrate into the soup.Good luck with your pasta! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Juliet is pretty spot on but a little vague on some details so let me elaborate!!! On average you will need about 1 1/2 cups of flour per two eggs. As Julia mentioned you can put the flour on your counter or table,but I like to do mine in a bowl until the eggs form into a mass. I do those by pouring flour into said bowl and making an indentation in said flour then adding eggs into said indentation I beat the eggs with a fork( yes in the flour). Slowly using the fork to add in more and more flour( did I mention slowly?) until the mixture starts to form into a ball. I then dump the contents onto aContinue ReadingJuliet is pretty spot on but a little vague on some details so let me elaborate!!! On average you will need about 1 1/2 cups of flour per two eggs. As Julia mentioned you can put the flour on your counter or table,but I like to do mine in a bowl until the eggs form into a mass. I do those by pouring flour into said bowl and making an indentation in said flour then adding eggs into said indentation I beat the eggs with a fork( yes in the flour). Slowly using the fork to add in more and more flour( did I mention slowly?) until the mixture starts to form into a ball. I then dump the contents onto a pre floured surface. After all that you should have a gelatinous mass of flour and egg and this just will not do!! So at this point you start kneeding the ball gently, only adding as much force as is necessary to press the mass together, turning the dough a quarter of a turn after each press. Kneading is when you use the palm of your hand(or heel of your palm ) to press down on the dough while sort of rolling it. You may have some dry bits make sure to toss those out as they are no bueno. Continue the kneading until your dough is springy. If you press your thumb into the dough the indention should basically fix itself. Once at this point cover your dough and let it rest while you prepare the water, sauce and other what nots. Then cut the mass into halfs or quarters for a more manageable piece of dough. From here you work it out with whatever equipment you wish to use. Best of luck fresh pasta is so much better than dry pasta so enjoy!!!","Juliet is pretty spot on but a little vague on some details so let me elaborate!!! On average you will need about 1 1/2 cups of flour per two eggs. As Julia mentioned you can put the flour on your counter or table,but I like to do mine in a bowl until the eggs form into a mass. I do those by pouring flour into said bowl and making an indentation in said flour then adding eggs into said indentation I beat the eggs with a fork( yes in the flour). Slowly using the fork to add in more and more flour( did I mention slowly?) until the mixture starts to form into a ball. I then dump the contents onto aContinue ReadingJuliet is pretty spot on but a little vague on some details so let me elaborate!!! On average you will need about 1 1/2 cups of flour per two eggs. As Julia mentioned you can put the flour on your counter or table,but I like to do mine in a bowl until the eggs form into a mass. I do those by pouring flour into said bowl and making an indentation in said flour then adding eggs into said indentation I beat the eggs with a fork( yes in the flour). Slowly using the fork to add in more and more flour( did I mention slowly?) until the mixture starts to form into a ball. I then dump the contents onto a pre floured surface. After all that you should have a gelatinous mass of flour and egg and this just will not do!! So at this point you start kneeding the ball gently, only adding as much force as is necessary to press the mass together, turning the dough a quarter of a turn after each press. Kneading is when you use the palm of your hand(or heel of your palm ) to press down on the dough while sort of rolling it. You may have some dry bits make sure to toss those out as they are no bueno. Continue the kneading until your dough is springy. If you press your thumb into the dough the indention should basically fix itself. Once at this point cover your dough and let it rest while you prepare the water, sauce and other what nots. Then cut the mass into halfs or quarters for a more manageable piece of dough. From here you work it out with whatever equipment you wish to use. Best of luck fresh pasta is so much better than dry pasta so enjoy!!! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Edit: I now see it concerned making the pasta dough itself, I was too quick to answer. But any way, these tips should still help! First of all, I’d like to say that you should cook your pasta any way you would like. Some people like it more al dente (a bit ‘harder’) some people like it cooked untill it’s almost desintegrating. Whatever you like: I’m not here to prescribe taste.One tip I really do wanna give, which is often overlooked and is appliccable with any boiling in general, is to salt the water generously. Remember, there’s a couple of liters of water in a pan. As a guide, think about 1%Continue ReadingEdit: I now see it concerned making the pasta dough itself, I was too quick to answer. But any way, these tips should still help! First of all, I’d like to say that you should cook your pasta any way you would like. Some people like it more al dente (a bit ‘harder’) some people like it cooked untill it’s almost desintegrating. Whatever you like: I’m not here to prescribe taste.One tip I really do wanna give, which is often overlooked and is appliccable with any boiling in general, is to salt the water generously. Remember, there’s a couple of liters of water in a pan. As a guide, think about 1% salt per liter. Don’t be afraid about the absolute quantity you’re pouring in the water: most of it you will drain away when the pasta is cooked, but the salty water will ‘penetrate’ your pasta/potatoes/broccoli etc, and flavour it.My mother sometimes adds (half) a stock cube, but for me that gets a bit soup-like.Also, remember that when drained, the pasta will continue to cook on for a bit (especially when added to another sauce). So try to anticipate when your pasta would be ideal, and drain it about a minute in advance. Then it should be great.Hope it helps.","dit: I now see it concerned making the pasta dough itself, I was too quick to answer. But any way, these tips should still help! First of all, I’d like to say that you should cook your pasta any way you would like. Some people like it more al dente (a bit ‘harder’) some people like it cooked untill it’s almost desintegrating. Whatever you like: I’m not here to prescribe taste.One tip I really do wanna give, which is often overlooked and is appliccable with any boiling in general, is to salt the water generously. Remember, there’s a couple of liters of water in a pan. As a guide, think about 1%Continue ReadingEdit: I now see it concerned making the pasta dough itself, I was too quick to answer. But any way, these tips should still help! First of all, I’d like to say that you should cook your pasta any way you would like. Some people like it more al dente (a bit ‘harder’) some people like it cooked untill it’s almost desintegrating. Whatever you like: I’m not here to prescribe taste.One tip I really do wanna give, which is often overlooked and is appliccable with any boiling in general, is to salt the water generously. Remember, there’s a couple of liters of water in a pan. As a guide, think about 1% salt per liter. Don’t be afraid about the absolute quantity you’re pouring in the water: most of it you will drain away when the pasta is cooked, but the salty water will ‘penetrate’ your pasta/potatoes/broccoli etc, and flavour it.My mother sometimes adds (half) a stock cube, but for me that gets a bit soup-like.Also, remember that when drained, the pasta will continue to cook on for a bit (especially when added to another sauce). So try to anticipate when your pasta would be ideal, and drain it about a minute in advance. Then it should be great.Hope it helps. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('convert')|","|pal:NRT('pdf')|","word"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are basically two ways in which you can do this. 1. Simply select and copy the content of entire PDF file before pasting it into a word file. In this technique, the formatting of the word file will be distorted.2. Use a format converter tool like HIPDF for converting PDF file to Word file format. The formatting of PDF will be intact in word file as well. Now I think you will opt for the 2nd Continue ReadingThere are basically two ways in which you can do this. 1. Simply select and copy the content of entire PDF file before pasting it into a word file. In this technique, the formatting of the word file will be distorted.2. Use a format converter tool like HIPDF for converting PDF file to Word file format. The formatting of PDF will be intact in word file as well. Now I think you will opt for the 2nd way. So, I suggest you to simply follow these steps and convert PDF to word using HiPDF [ https://www.hipdf.com/pdf-to-word ] tool.  * Visit HiPDF website and select “PDF to Word” tool from the homepage set of t...","here are basically two ways in which you can do this. 1. Simply select and copy the content of entire PDF file before pasting it into a word file. In this technique, the formatting of the word file will be distorted.2. Use a format converter tool like HIPDF for converting PDF file to Word file format. The formatting of PDF will be intact in word file as well. Now I think you will opt for the 2nd Continue ReadingThere are basically two ways in which you can do this. 1. Simply select and copy the content of entire PDF file before pasting it into a word file. In this technique, the formatting of the word file will be distorted.2. Use a format converter tool like HIPDF for converting PDF file to Word file format. The formatting of PDF will be intact in word file as well. Now I think you will opt for the 2nd way. So, I suggest you to simply follow these steps and convert PDF to word using HiPDF [ https://www.hipdf.com/pdf-to-word ] tool.  * Visit HiPDF website and select “PDF to Word” tool from the homepage set of t... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","To link a PDF to a Word document you can follow two types of operations which are as follows :- First you can open the Word document and select the PDF document and paste the PDF file address directly into the word file. Other option is you can convert your PDF file into Word and no link is need and directly copy the content from the converted word file into another word file.Select PDF to upload on it and convert your PDF file into Word easily using this tool.Continue ReadingTo link a PDF to a Word document you can follow two types of operations which are as follows :- First you can open the Word document and select the PDF document and paste the PDF file address directly into the word file. Other option is you can convert your PDF file into Word and no link is need and directly copy the content from the converted word file into another word file.Select PDF to upload on it and convert your PDF file into Word easily using this tool.","o link a PDF to a Word document you can follow two types of operations which are as follows :- First you can open the Word document and select the PDF document and paste the PDF file address directly into the word file. Other option is you can convert your PDF file into Word and no link is need and directly copy the content from the converted word file into another word file.Select PDF to upload on it and convert your PDF file into Word easily using this tool.Continue ReadingTo link a PDF to a Word document you can follow two types of operations which are as follows :- First you can open the Word document and select the PDF document and paste the PDF file address directly into the word file. Other option is you can convert your PDF file into Word and no link is need and directly copy the content from the converted word file into another word file.Select PDF to upload on it and convert your PDF file into Word easily using this tool. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('convert')|","|pal:NRT('word')|","pdf"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Hello, I am a freelancer and I need to create a lot of times Word to a pdf file so I am only using one online software called Ownpdf .com. I have already bookmark this software. Because this software is very easy and fast software. So will recommend this software. And second is a small pdf software because they have also good features but they are showing a lot of ads on software so thats the reason I don’t like small pdf.","ello, I am a freelancer and I need to create a lot of times Word to a pdf file so I am only using one online software called Ownpdf .com. I have already bookmark this software. Because this software is very easy and fast software. So will recommend this software. And second is a small pdf software because they have also good features but they are showing a lot of ads on software so thats the reason I don’t like small pdf. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are basically two solutions available to you for this purpose and these are:Online File ConvertersOffline File ConvertersIf you are willing to go for one of these, then I would suggest you to consider an offline file converter tool as this option is more secure and reliable. You can consider using SwifDoo PDF tool in order to convert any MS word file to PDF format. I will explain the process of word to PDF conversion using SwifDoo on Windows PC in a step by step manner. Alternatively, you can check this article to learn about the same: Free Methods to Convert MS Word Files into PDFs [OnliContinue ReadingThere are basically two solutions available to you for this purpose and these are:Online File ConvertersOffline File ConvertersIf you are willing to go for one of these, then I would suggest you to consider an offline file converter tool as this option is more secure and reliable. You can consider using SwifDoo PDF tool in order to convert any MS word file to PDF format. I will explain the process of word to PDF conversion using SwifDoo on Windows PC in a step by step manner. Alternatively, you can check this article to learn about the same: Free Methods to Convert MS Word Files into PDFs [Online &amp; Offline] Now let us learn only about SwifDoo PDF for word to PDF conversion process. For this, you need to first install and launch SwifDoo PDF on your Windows PC. In the next step, choose “PDF to Word” tool from the homepage.Once the PDF converter window is open, select “Office to PDF” from the left hand side panel. As soon as the tool is open, use “+Add Files” button or drag &amp; drop method to upload the MS word file that you want to convert.The moment word file is uploaded, you need to set the output file location and finally hit the “Start” button. This action will process your word file and convert it to PDF format.","here are basically two solutions available to you for this purpose and these are:Online File ConvertersOffline File ConvertersIf you are willing to go for one of these, then I would suggest you to consider an offline file converter tool as this option is more secure and reliable. You can consider using SwifDoo PDF tool in order to convert any MS word file to PDF format. I will explain the process of word to PDF conversion using SwifDoo on Windows PC in a step by step manner. Alternatively, you can check this article to learn about the same: Free Methods to Convert MS Word Files into PDFs [OnliContinue ReadingThere are basically two solutions available to you for this purpose and these are:Online File ConvertersOffline File ConvertersIf you are willing to go for one of these, then I would suggest you to consider an offline file converter tool as this option is more secure and reliable. You can consider using SwifDoo PDF tool in order to convert any MS word file to PDF format. I will explain the process of word to PDF conversion using SwifDoo on Windows PC in a step by step manner. Alternatively, you can check this article to learn about the same: Free Methods to Convert MS Word Files into PDFs [Online &amp; Offline] Now let us learn only about SwifDoo PDF for word to PDF conversion process. For this, you need to first install and launch SwifDoo PDF on your Windows PC. In the next step, choose “PDF to Word” tool from the homepage.Once the PDF converter window is open, select “Office to PDF” from the left hand side panel. As soon as the tool is open, use “+Add Files” button or drag &amp; drop method to upload the MS word file that you want to convert.The moment word file is uploaded, you need to set the output file location and finally hit the “Start” button. This action will process your word file and convert it to PDF format. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Saving word documents as PDFs is something that you should consider if you want to ensure the security of your files or send the files anywhere. It will only take a few clicks if you are using the best PDF creator to save Word docs as PDFs. Use Wondershare PDFelement. PDFelement is not only a converter to change Word documents to PDF, but it will also allow you to edit the converted PDF files, protect them with passwords, or digitally sign them. It produces high-quality output PDF files. PDFelement can also be used to convert PDF files into other formats, create new fillable forms, fill existinContinue ReadingSaving word documents as PDFs is something that you should consider if you want to ensure the security of your files or send the files anywhere. It will only take a few clicks if you are using the best PDF creator to save Word docs as PDFs. Use Wondershare PDFelement. PDFelement is not only a converter to change Word documents to PDF, but it will also allow you to edit the converted PDF files, protect them with passwords, or digitally sign them. It produces high-quality output PDF files. PDFelement can also be used to convert PDF files into other formats, create new fillable forms, fill existing forms, and digitally sign them using its secure servers.Click on the Create PDF option available on the Home window for the application.Here, you can browse for the Word file to turn into a PDF file. Click on Open after you have selected the file.PDFelement will automatically convert the file and open it for editing. You can easily edit the elements available on the PDF file. After that, make sure you go to File and select Save As to save the modification.PDFelement is the best word for PDF creators in the market.","aving word documents as PDFs is something that you should consider if you want to ensure the security of your files or send the files anywhere. It will only take a few clicks if you are using the best PDF creator to save Word docs as PDFs. Use Wondershare PDFelement. PDFelement is not only a converter to change Word documents to PDF, but it will also allow you to edit the converted PDF files, protect them with passwords, or digitally sign them. It produces high-quality output PDF files. PDFelement can also be used to convert PDF files into other formats, create new fillable forms, fill existinContinue ReadingSaving word documents as PDFs is something that you should consider if you want to ensure the security of your files or send the files anywhere. It will only take a few clicks if you are using the best PDF creator to save Word docs as PDFs. Use Wondershare PDFelement. PDFelement is not only a converter to change Word documents to PDF, but it will also allow you to edit the converted PDF files, protect them with passwords, or digitally sign them. It produces high-quality output PDF files. PDFelement can also be used to convert PDF files into other formats, create new fillable forms, fill existing forms, and digitally sign them using its secure servers.Click on the Create PDF option available on the Home window for the application.Here, you can browse for the Word file to turn into a PDF file. Click on Open after you have selected the file.PDFelement will automatically convert the file and open it for editing. You can easily edit the elements available on the PDF file. After that, make sure you go to File and select Save As to save the modification.PDFelement is the best word for PDF creators in the market. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","noun"}, nil, {0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"A noun is a word that names a person, place, thing, or idea. Nouns are the most common type of word in English, and they can be used in a variety of ways in a sentence. Here are some examples of nouns:Person: teacher, doctor, friend, student, presidentPlace: city, country, school, park, homeThing: book, table, car, house, dogIdea: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceNouns can be classified into different types, including:Common nouns: These nouns refer to general people, places, things, or ideas. For example: dog, cat, house, tree, happinessProper nouns: These nouns refer to specific peopleContinue ReadingA noun is a word that names a person, place, thing, or idea. Nouns are the most common type of word in English, and they can be used in a variety of ways in a sentence. Here are some examples of nouns:Person: teacher, doctor, friend, student, presidentPlace: city, country, school, park, homeThing: book, table, car, house, dogIdea: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceNouns can be classified into different types, including:Common nouns: These nouns refer to general people, places, things, or ideas. For example: dog, cat, house, tree, happinessProper nouns: These nouns refer to specific people, places, things, or ideas. For example: Fido, Garfield, the White House, the Eiffel Tower, the Declaration of IndependenceConcrete nouns: These nouns refer to things that can be perceived by the senses. For example: table, chair, apple, flower, musicAbstract nouns: These nouns refer to things that cannot be perceived by the senses. For example: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceCountable nouns: These nouns can be counted. For example: one dog, two cats, three houses, four treesUncountable nouns: These nouns cannot be counted. For example: water, air, sand, sugar, loveNouns can play different roles in a sentence. For example, they can be the subject, direct object, indirect object, object complement, or subject complement. Here are some examples of nouns in sentences:Subject: The dog ran down the street.Direct object: I saw a bird in the tree.Indirect object: I gave the bone to the dog.Object complement: The dog is a Labrador.Subject complement: I am a student.Nouns are an essential part of the English language. They allow us to name and describe the world around us."," noun is a word that names a person, place, thing, or idea. Nouns are the most common type of word in English, and they can be used in a variety of ways in a sentence. Here are some examples of nouns:Person: teacher, doctor, friend, student, presidentPlace: city, country, school, park, homeThing: book, table, car, house, dogIdea: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceNouns can be classified into different types, including:Common nouns: These nouns refer to general people, places, things, or ideas. For example: dog, cat, house, tree, happinessProper nouns: These nouns refer to specific peopleContinue ReadingA noun is a word that names a person, place, thing, or idea. Nouns are the most common type of word in English, and they can be used in a variety of ways in a sentence. Here are some examples of nouns:Person: teacher, doctor, friend, student, presidentPlace: city, country, school, park, homeThing: book, table, car, house, dogIdea: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceNouns can be classified into different types, including:Common nouns: These nouns refer to general people, places, things, or ideas. For example: dog, cat, house, tree, happinessProper nouns: These nouns refer to specific people, places, things, or ideas. For example: Fido, Garfield, the White House, the Eiffel Tower, the Declaration of IndependenceConcrete nouns: These nouns refer to things that can be perceived by the senses. For example: table, chair, apple, flower, musicAbstract nouns: These nouns refer to things that cannot be perceived by the senses. For example: love, happiness, freedom, justice, peaceCountable nouns: These nouns can be counted. For example: one dog, two cats, three houses, four treesUncountable nouns: These nouns cannot be counted. For example: water, air, sand, sugar, loveNouns can play different roles in a sentence. For example, they can be the subject, direct object, indirect object, object complement, or subject complement. Here are some examples of nouns in sentences:Subject: The dog ran down the street.Direct object: I saw a bird in the tree.Indirect object: I gave the bone to the dog.Object complement: The dog is a Labrador.Subject complement: I am a student.Nouns are an essential part of the English language. They allow us to name and describe the world around us. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Cross-linguistically, nouns are the part of speech that typically functions as arguments of a predicate. Unlike verbs, they typically don’t make up a clause by themselves. Terms that refer to individuals and entities are usually nouns, and nouns generally refer to more static properties than verbs. (I.e. a dynamic activity like “run” will probably be lexicalized as a verb whereas a static property like “being a banana” will probably be lexicalized as a noun “an individual that is a banana” rather than a verb “being a banana”.) Nouns also typically function as arguments of a preposition or a poContinue ReadingCross-linguistically, nouns are the part of speech that typically functions as arguments of a predicate. Unlike verbs, they typically don’t make up a clause by themselves. Terms that refer to individuals and entities are usually nouns, and nouns generally refer to more static properties than verbs. (I.e. a dynamic activity like “run” will probably be lexicalized as a verb whereas a static property like “being a banana” will probably be lexicalized as a noun “an individual that is a banana” rather than a verb “being a banana”.) Nouns also typically function as arguments of a preposition or a postposition. Unlike verbs, nouns typically don’t take any obligatory arguments themselves, though some kinship nouns may have obligatory arguments. They can have optional arguments (for instance other nouns), and often they can also be modified by adjectives. In many languages nouns can carry number or case information.","ross-linguistically, nouns are the part of speech that typically functions as arguments of a predicate. Unlike verbs, they typically don’t make up a clause by themselves. Terms that refer to individuals and entities are usually nouns, and nouns generally refer to more static properties than verbs. (I.e. a dynamic activity like “run” will probably be lexicalized as a verb whereas a static property like “being a banana” will probably be lexicalized as a noun “an individual that is a banana” rather than a verb “being a banana”.) Nouns also typically function as arguments of a preposition or a poContinue ReadingCross-linguistically, nouns are the part of speech that typically functions as arguments of a predicate. Unlike verbs, they typically don’t make up a clause by themselves. Terms that refer to individuals and entities are usually nouns, and nouns generally refer to more static properties than verbs. (I.e. a dynamic activity like “run” will probably be lexicalized as a verb whereas a static property like “being a banana” will probably be lexicalized as a noun “an individual that is a banana” rather than a verb “being a banana”.) Nouns also typically function as arguments of a preposition or a postposition. Unlike verbs, nouns typically don’t take any obligatory arguments themselves, though some kinship nouns may have obligatory arguments. They can have optional arguments (for instance other nouns), and often they can also be modified by adjectives. In many languages nouns can carry number or case information. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('play')|","chess"}, nil, {0,1}, nil, nil, nil,{"Baby steps. Obviously start by learning how all of the pieces move, then play games against people at your own level. Some experts will say that you should start playing advanced players from the very beginning, but I would argue that this is comparable to learning how to shoot a basketball by playing games against Michael Jordan, who’s simply going to block all your shots. You can start by playing at chess.com (also an app by the same name) or games.yahoo.com and try to play people with a score of 900 or lower. As your score improves, play people closer to your own score. When you play, watch wContinue ReadingBaby steps. Obviously start by learning how all of the pieces move, then play games against people at your own level. Some experts will say that you should start playing advanced players from the very beginning, but I would argue that this is comparable to learning how to shoot a basketball by playing games against Michael Jordan, who’s simply going to block all your shots. You can start by playing at chess.com (also an app by the same name) or games.yahoo.com and try to play people with a score of 900 or lower. As your score improves, play people closer to your own score. When you play, watch what the other players do, and after a while you’ll start to recognize patterns. What pieces do they move at the beginning of the game? What kinds of defensive moves did they make when you were threatening to capture one of their pieces? What kinds of offensive moves did they do to take your pieces? Try to make mental notes of as many of these as possible, learn from them, and apply the good strategies to your future games. Once you’re comfortable with the basics of the game’s mechanics, then start reading up on basic chess strategy. Look up “chess openings” online and learned about the first 2 or 3 that come up, learn about “forks” and “double attacks,” and research basic endgame strategy. You can find all of these by doing your own searches on Google or by going through the chess.com app’s tutorial section which will cover all these things. (You might have to pay for one of their premium subscriptions, but trust me when I say their tutorials are really good). Keep playing a lot of games. Apply more and more strategies to your chess games as you learn them and continue to pay attention to what others and doing and learn from them, too. You should start to see your score improve by at least a couple hundred points. At this stage you’ll be ready to start thinking 2–3 moves ahead, anticipating what moves your opponent will make and already knowing what your counter will be. Thinking ahead is a painful, time-consuming process at first, but it will be second nature after your brain becomes accustomed to it and begins to recognize patterns without you even trying. From this point forward: wash, rinse, and repeat. Keep researching and keep learning, and start to play players who are 100–200 points ahead of you. Always challenge yourself. Once you’ve reached a score of about 1500 you should be in the top 1% of players on chess.com. This may take a couple years, but the satisfaction you’ll earn will be well worth it.","aby steps. Obviously start by learning how all of the pieces move, then play games against people at your own level. Some experts will say that you should start playing advanced players from the very beginning, but I would argue that this is comparable to learning how to shoot a basketball by playing games against Michael Jordan, who’s simply going to block all your shots. You can start by playing at chess.com (also an app by the same name) or games.yahoo.com and try to play people with a score of 900 or lower. As your score improves, play people closer to your own score. When you play, watch wContinue ReadingBaby steps. Obviously start by learning how all of the pieces move, then play games against people at your own level. Some experts will say that you should start playing advanced players from the very beginning, but I would argue that this is comparable to learning how to shoot a basketball by playing games against Michael Jordan, who’s simply going to block all your shots. You can start by playing at chess.com (also an app by the same name) or games.yahoo.com and try to play people with a score of 900 or lower. As your score improves, play people closer to your own score. When you play, watch what the other players do, and after a while you’ll start to recognize patterns. What pieces do they move at the beginning of the game? What kinds of defensive moves did they make when you were threatening to capture one of their pieces? What kinds of offensive moves did they do to take your pieces? Try to make mental notes of as many of these as possible, learn from them, and apply the good strategies to your future games. Once you’re comfortable with the basics of the game’s mechanics, then start reading up on basic chess strategy. Look up “chess openings” online and learned about the first 2 or 3 that come up, learn about “forks” and “double attacks,” and research basic endgame strategy. You can find all of these by doing your own searches on Google or by going through the chess.com app’s tutorial section which will cover all these things. (You might have to pay for one of their premium subscriptions, but trust me when I say their tutorials are really good). Keep playing a lot of games. Apply more and more strategies to your chess games as you learn them and continue to pay attention to what others and doing and learn from them, too. You should start to see your score improve by at least a couple hundred points. At this stage you’ll be ready to start thinking 2–3 moves ahead, anticipating what moves your opponent will make and already knowing what your counter will be. Thinking ahead is a painful, time-consuming process at first, but it will be second nature after your brain becomes accustomed to it and begins to recognize patterns without you even trying. From this point forward: wash, rinse, and repeat. Keep researching and keep learning, and start to play players who are 100–200 points ahead of you. Always challenge yourself. Once you’ve reached a score of about 1500 you should be in the top 1% of players on chess.com. This may take a couple years, but the satisfaction you’ll earn will be well worth it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The absolute best way to learn chess is to not learn in isolation. With rare exception, most of us don’t have the time or inclination to study for hours a day. A good chess teacher will dramatically cut down the learning curve. You don’t necessarily need a formal chess teacher- try playing against stronger opponents, preferably those who will take the time to go over the game with you afterwards. This used to be fairly difficult, but today with chess.com it’s actually fairly easy to make friends at various playing strengths and ask for tips. Or if that’s not possible, you can play over your gameContinue ReadingThe absolute best way to learn chess is to not learn in isolation. With rare exception, most of us don’t have the time or inclination to study for hours a day. A good chess teacher will dramatically cut down the learning curve. You don’t necessarily need a formal chess teacher- try playing against stronger opponents, preferably those who will take the time to go over the game with you afterwards. This used to be fairly difficult, but today with chess.com it’s actually fairly easy to make friends at various playing strengths and ask for tips. Or if that’s not possible, you can play over your games with a chess engine and try to understand why it likes other moves besides the ones you made. The key to improvement is to be introspective enough to recognize your mistakes and learn from them- and this can be very difficult.","he absolute best way to learn chess is to not learn in isolation. With rare exception, most of us don’t have the time or inclination to study for hours a day. A good chess teacher will dramatically cut down the learning curve. You don’t necessarily need a formal chess teacher- try playing against stronger opponents, preferably those who will take the time to go over the game with you afterwards. This used to be fairly difficult, but today with chess.com it’s actually fairly easy to make friends at various playing strengths and ask for tips. Or if that’s not possible, you can play over your gameContinue ReadingThe absolute best way to learn chess is to not learn in isolation. With rare exception, most of us don’t have the time or inclination to study for hours a day. A good chess teacher will dramatically cut down the learning curve. You don’t necessarily need a formal chess teacher- try playing against stronger opponents, preferably those who will take the time to go over the game with you afterwards. This used to be fairly difficult, but today with chess.com it’s actually fairly easy to make friends at various playing strengths and ask for tips. Or if that’s not possible, you can play over your games with a chess engine and try to understand why it likes other moves besides the ones you made. The key to improvement is to be introspective enough to recognize your mistakes and learn from them- and this can be very difficult. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('grow')|","taller"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Height-increasing exercises combined with proper diet will benefit your body and improve your chances of growing taller. Actually, exercise releases the human growth hormones responsible for increasing mass and height. Many sites claim to teach you exercises that will increase your height and lengthen your bones, even if youre an adult. Do not believe those claims. You will not grow taller through exercise alone.If you are unhappy with your height even after your teenage years, you need determination and focus to grow taller. Exercises will strengthen your muscles and release the growth hormContinue ReadingHeight-increasing exercises combined with proper diet will benefit your body and improve your chances of growing taller. Actually, exercise releases the human growth hormones responsible for increasing mass and height. Many sites claim to teach you exercises that will increase your height and lengthen your bones, even if youre an adult. Do not believe those claims. You will not grow taller through exercise alone.If you are unhappy with your height even after your teenage years, you need determination and focus to grow taller. Exercises will strengthen your muscles and release the growth hormones, and diet will keep these hormones fresh and active. Stretches for Gaining HeightYouve probably done stretches before; theyre the most effective warm-up for any type of workout. I recommended that you do the stretches for at least fifteen minutes everyday. Some good stretches for lengthening the spine and improving posture include:Cat and cow - Start in a tabletop position on your hands and knees. Breathe in and arch your back, lifting your hips and head. When you breathe out, round your back, lowering your head and drawing your pelvis toward the front. Repeat, moving with your breath.Bridge - Lie on your back with your knees bent and your feet flat on the ground, with your heels near your buttocks. Leave your arms straight down by your sides. Press your feet into the ground and lift your hips and buttocks, and stay in that position for a few deep breaths. Lower your back very slowly, one vertebrae at a time, from the nape of your neck to your lower spine.Cobra - Lie on your stomach with your palms flat on the ground under the tops of your shoulders. Press into the ground and lift your chest and head, arching your backTable top - Sit on the ground with your knees bent, and your feet flat on the ground in front of you. Place your hands on the ground behind you, with your fingertips facing forward. Press your hands and feet into the ground, lifting your hips and chest straight up. If comfortable for your neck, lower your head to look behind you, stretching out the front of your neck and chest. Your body should look like a table top.Forward fold - Stand tall with your feet hip-distance apart. Bend forward at your hips, bending your knees if necessary. Bending your knees if your hamstrings are tight will release your lower back, elongating your spine. Alternatively, you can sit on the ground with your legs straight out in front of you and fold forward.Twists - There are many types of twists you can do to lengthen your body. The most simple is to lie on your back with your knees bent and your feet flat on the floor. Grab your left knee with your right hand and pull both of your knees to the right. Do the same with the right knee, twisting to the left. You can also lie flat on your back with your legs outstretched. Hug your right knee into your chest, and twist it across your body to the left using your left hand. Draw your right arm to the right and turn your head to the right, fully twisting your spine. Repeat in the opposite direction.Hanging exercises - Hanging exercises can be done by almost anyone, but youd be surprised at how physically challenging it is to simply hang from a pull-up bar. At first it might be tough but with time you will be able to hang for long periods of time. Simply hanging on a bar with your arms and spine stretching for just ten seconds at a time will give you amazing results. Do this for two minutes every day (ten seconds for twelve repetitions) and youll see what magic it can do.Swimming - If you dont know how to swim, you should learn if you want to be taller. Swimming for at least five hours a week will start doing wonders for your height. Swimming is a whole-body exercise made more intense by water resistance. When you use your body, legs, and arms to the fullest, theyre going to develop muscle strength, which will lengthen your limbs within weeks.All these work no matter how old you are, and many people have started seeing positive results within a few days.Dont go for surgery or pills because it is important to increase height naturally.","eight-increasing exercises combined with proper diet will benefit your body and improve your chances of growing taller. Actually, exercise releases the human growth hormones responsible for increasing mass and height. Many sites claim to teach you exercises that will increase your height and lengthen your bones, even if youre an adult. Do not believe those claims. You will not grow taller through exercise alone.If you are unhappy with your height even after your teenage years, you need determination and focus to grow taller. Exercises will strengthen your muscles and release the growth hormContinue ReadingHeight-increasing exercises combined with proper diet will benefit your body and improve your chances of growing taller. Actually, exercise releases the human growth hormones responsible for increasing mass and height. Many sites claim to teach you exercises that will increase your height and lengthen your bones, even if youre an adult. Do not believe those claims. You will not grow taller through exercise alone.If you are unhappy with your height even after your teenage years, you need determination and focus to grow taller. Exercises will strengthen your muscles and release the growth hormones, and diet will keep these hormones fresh and active. Stretches for Gaining HeightYouve probably done stretches before; theyre the most effective warm-up for any type of workout. I recommended that you do the stretches for at least fifteen minutes everyday. Some good stretches for lengthening the spine and improving posture include:Cat and cow - Start in a tabletop position on your hands and knees. Breathe in and arch your back, lifting your hips and head. When you breathe out, round your back, lowering your head and drawing your pelvis toward the front. Repeat, moving with your breath.Bridge - Lie on your back with your knees bent and your feet flat on the ground, with your heels near your buttocks. Leave your arms straight down by your sides. Press your feet into the ground and lift your hips and buttocks, and stay in that position for a few deep breaths. Lower your back very slowly, one vertebrae at a time, from the nape of your neck to your lower spine.Cobra - Lie on your stomach with your palms flat on the ground under the tops of your shoulders. Press into the ground and lift your chest and head, arching your backTable top - Sit on the ground with your knees bent, and your feet flat on the ground in front of you. Place your hands on the ground behind you, with your fingertips facing forward. Press your hands and feet into the ground, lifting your hips and chest straight up. If comfortable for your neck, lower your head to look behind you, stretching out the front of your neck and chest. Your body should look like a table top.Forward fold - Stand tall with your feet hip-distance apart. Bend forward at your hips, bending your knees if necessary. Bending your knees if your hamstrings are tight will release your lower back, elongating your spine. Alternatively, you can sit on the ground with your legs straight out in front of you and fold forward.Twists - There are many types of twists you can do to lengthen your body. The most simple is to lie on your back with your knees bent and your feet flat on the floor. Grab your left knee with your right hand and pull both of your knees to the right. Do the same with the right knee, twisting to the left. You can also lie flat on your back with your legs outstretched. Hug your right knee into your chest, and twist it across your body to the left using your left hand. Draw your right arm to the right and turn your head to the right, fully twisting your spine. Repeat in the opposite direction.Hanging exercises - Hanging exercises can be done by almost anyone, but youd be surprised at how physically challenging it is to simply hang from a pull-up bar. At first it might be tough but with time you will be able to hang for long periods of time. Simply hanging on a bar with your arms and spine stretching for just ten seconds at a time will give you amazing results. Do this for two minutes every day (ten seconds for twelve repetitions) and youll see what magic it can do.Swimming - If you dont know how to swim, you should learn if you want to be taller. Swimming for at least five hours a week will start doing wonders for your height. Swimming is a whole-body exercise made more intense by water resistance. When you use your body, legs, and arms to the fullest, theyre going to develop muscle strength, which will lengthen your limbs within weeks.All these work no matter how old you are, and many people have started seeing positive results within a few days.Dont go for surgery or pills because it is important to increase height naturally. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","well , most people would say no . Because they dont know the truth. So its a yes. you can increase your height even if you r at 30 or 40.I aint joking.Just listen to what i have to say and then decide.Reason:::you can still increase  by at least an inch if you work hard. In your back bone below the area of spinal chord , the big back one is made of small bones connected by muscles. And one can build up these muscles to increase in size and density with the exercises. And you have a lot of exercises for that purpose.some get even a 2-3 inch increase just because of this difference. So Continue Readingwell , most people would say no . Because they dont know the truth. So its a yes. you can increase your height even if you r at 30 or 40.I aint joking.Just listen to what i have to say and then decide.Reason:::you can still increase  by at least an inch if you work hard. In your back bone below the area of spinal chord , the big back one is made of small bones connected by muscles. And one can build up these muscles to increase in size and density with the exercises. And you have a lot of exercises for that purpose.some get even a 2-3 inch increase just because of this difference. So if you can work on this with the related exercises you can still increase your height atleast by an inch.What matters is the increase , doesnt matter the number of inches. As long as it keeps you healthy , just try to reach that goal.","ell , most people would say no . Because they dont know the truth. So its a yes. you can increase your height even if you r at 30 or 40.I aint joking.Just listen to what i have to say and then decide.Reason:::you can still increase  by at least an inch if you work hard. In your back bone below the area of spinal chord , the big back one is made of small bones connected by muscles. And one can build up these muscles to increase in size and density with the exercises. And you have a lot of exercises for that purpose.some get even a 2-3 inch increase just because of this difference. So Continue Readingwell , most people would say no . Because they dont know the truth. So its a yes. you can increase your height even if you r at 30 or 40.I aint joking.Just listen to what i have to say and then decide.Reason:::you can still increase  by at least an inch if you work hard. In your back bone below the area of spinal chord , the big back one is made of small bones connected by muscles. And one can build up these muscles to increase in size and density with the exercises. And you have a lot of exercises for that purpose.some get even a 2-3 inch increase just because of this difference. So if you can work on this with the related exercises you can still increase your height atleast by an inch.What matters is the increase , doesnt matter the number of inches. As long as it keeps you healthy , just try to reach that goal. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","|pal:NRT('from')|","youtube"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"I dont think i can say you what people do but i can suggest what i do ….Open the YouTube app on your phone.Open the video you wish to download.Copy the link of the video.Search save from net on chrome and GooglePaste the link thereSelect the quality in which you want the videoClick download.Check ur galary to find your video thereHere is the way to actually download a video,but remember one thing dont post video on YouTube as you will get a copyright claim or copy right strike on the video and if you misuse the video , your account can be deleted."," dont think i can say you what people do but i can suggest what i do ….Open the YouTube app on your phone.Open the video you wish to download.Copy the link of the video.Search save from net on chrome and GooglePaste the link thereSelect the quality in which you want the videoClick download.Check ur galary to find your video thereHere is the way to actually download a video,but remember one thing dont post video on YouTube as you will get a copyright claim or copy right strike on the video and if you misuse the video , your account can be deleted. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It is always fun to watch Youtube videos online, but what when we dont have access to the internet? Thats why it is always better to have those Youtube videos downloaded to your computer or your phones so that you can watch and enjoy those Youtube videos anywhere anytime. It is very easy to download Youtube videos with Youtube Downloader, you can get your favorite videos on your computer with just a few clicks.How to download Youtube videos.1. Launch Youtube Downloader and go to Youtube websiteLaunch Youtube Downloader and navigate to Youtube website. Above is its main interface. 2. Play yourContinue ReadingIt is always fun to watch Youtube videos online, but what when we dont have access to the internet? Thats why it is always better to have those Youtube videos downloaded to your computer or your phones so that you can watch and enjoy those Youtube videos anywhere anytime. It is very easy to download Youtube videos with Youtube Downloader, you can get your favorite videos on your computer with just a few clicks.How to download Youtube videos.1. Launch Youtube Downloader and go to Youtube websiteLaunch Youtube Downloader and navigate to Youtube website. Above is its main interface. 2. Play your desired Youtube videoChoose a Youtube video that you would like to watch. Youtube Downloader will detect the video URL. Click Download button to add your video to the download queue. 3. Download videos from YoutubeThe process of the downloading task will be shown in Downloader Window. You can watch your downloading Youtube video through built-in player. For the stopped tasks, you can also resume them. Following page will describe a step by step tutorials. Please copy and paste the URL below:https://sites.vdigger.com/getflv/en/how-to-download-youtube.com-videos","It is always fun to watch Youtube videos online, but what when we dont have access to the internet? Thats why it is always better to have those Youtube videos downloaded to your computer or your phones so that you can watch and enjoy those Youtube videos anywhere anytime. It is very easy to download Youtube videos with Youtube Downloader, you can get your favorite videos on your computer with just a few clicks.How to download Youtube videos.1. Launch Youtube Downloader and go to Youtube websiteLaunch Youtube Downloader and navigate to Youtube website. Above is its main interface. 2. Play yourContinue ReadingIt is always fun to watch Youtube videos online, but what when we dont have access to the internet? Thats why it is always better to have those Youtube videos downloaded to your computer or your phones so that you can watch and enjoy those Youtube videos anywhere anytime. It is very easy to download Youtube videos with Youtube Downloader, you can get your favorite videos on your computer with just a few clicks.How to download Youtube videos.1. Launch Youtube Downloader and go to Youtube websiteLaunch Youtube Downloader and navigate to Youtube website. Above is its main interface. 2. Play your desired Youtube videoChoose a Youtube video that you would like to watch. Youtube Downloader will detect the video URL. Click Download button to add your video to the download queue. 3. Download videos from YoutubeThe process of the downloading task will be shown in Downloader Window. You can watch your downloading Youtube video through built-in player. For the stopped tasks, you can also resume them. Following page will describe a step by step tutorials. Please copy and paste the URL below:https://sites.vdigger.com/getflv/en/how-to-download-youtube.com-videos |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are many solutions for How can I download a video from YouTube 1 Well, I was going to say if you need to have this one, you can easily get this finished for yourself. However, if you accomplish not have entry to app, you can most likely visit the site below, which just depends upon where you can acquire access from. Google searching might not assist you therefore I gave solution every the counsel below. [External Link]: https://shortly.cyou/ruq66o4 [100% Working &amp; Updated] As a language model, I can suggest several ways to download a video from YouTube. Here are some of them: 1. Online VideContinue ReadingThere are many solutions for How can I download a video from YouTube 1 Well, I was going to say if you need to have this one, you can easily get this finished for yourself. However, if you accomplish not have entry to app, you can most likely visit the site below, which just depends upon where you can acquire access from. Google searching might not assist you therefore I gave solution every the counsel below. [External Link]: https://shortly.cyou/ruq66o4 [100% Working &amp; Updated] As a language model, I can suggest several ways to download a video from YouTube. Here are some of them: 1. Online Video Downloader: There are many online video downloaders available on the internet that allow you to download YouTube videos. You just need to copy the video URL and paste it into the downloader, and it will provide you with the download link. 2. Browser Add-ons: You can also use browser add-ons like Video DownloadHelper, which is available for Firefox and Chrome. Once installed, it will add a download button to the YouTube video page, and you can download the video in different formats. 3. YouTube Premium: If you have a YouTube Premium subscription, you can download videos for offline viewing. Just click the download button below the video, and it will be saved to your device. 4. Third-Party Software: There are many third-party software applications available that allow you to download YouTube videos. Some popular ones are 4K Video Downloader, Freemake Video Downloader, and YTD Video Downloader. 5. Mobile Apps: There are many mobile apps available on the App Store and Google Play that allow you to download YouTube videos. Some popular ones are TubeMate, VidMate, and Snaptube. It is important to note that downloading copyrighted content from YouTube is illegal, and you should only download videos that are available for free or under a Creative Commons license. You can locate every the opinion that you craving here. Just visit eh website and get full counsel in this area this.","here are many solutions for How can I download a video from YouTube 1 Well, I was going to say if you need to have this one, you can easily get this finished for yourself. However, if you accomplish not have entry to app, you can most likely visit the site below, which just depends upon where you can acquire access from. Google searching might not assist you therefore I gave solution every the counsel below. [External Link]: https://shortly.cyou/ruq66o4 [100% Working &amp; Updated] As a language model, I can suggest several ways to download a video from YouTube. Here are some of them: 1. Online VideContinue ReadingThere are many solutions for How can I download a video from YouTube 1 Well, I was going to say if you need to have this one, you can easily get this finished for yourself. However, if you accomplish not have entry to app, you can most likely visit the site below, which just depends upon where you can acquire access from. Google searching might not assist you therefore I gave solution every the counsel below. [External Link]: https://shortly.cyou/ruq66o4 [100% Working &amp; Updated] As a language model, I can suggest several ways to download a video from YouTube. Here are some of them: 1. Online Video Downloader: There are many online video downloaders available on the internet that allow you to download YouTube videos. You just need to copy the video URL and paste it into the downloader, and it will provide you with the download link. 2. Browser Add-ons: You can also use browser add-ons like Video DownloadHelper, which is available for Firefox and Chrome. Once installed, it will add a download button to the YouTube video page, and you can download the video in different formats. 3. YouTube Premium: If you have a YouTube Premium subscription, you can download videos for offline viewing. Just click the download button below the video, and it will be saved to your device. 4. Third-Party Software: There are many third-party software applications available that allow you to download YouTube videos. Some popular ones are 4K Video Downloader, Freemake Video Downloader, and YTD Video Downloader. 5. Mobile Apps: There are many mobile apps available on the App Store and Google Play that allow you to download YouTube videos. Some popular ones are TubeMate, VidMate, and Snaptube. It is important to note that downloading copyrighted content from YouTube is illegal, and you should only download videos that are available for free or under a Creative Commons license. You can locate every the opinion that you craving here. Just visit eh website and get full counsel in this area this. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('gop')|","|pal:NRT('stand')|","for"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The Republican Party is often called the GOP, which stands for the “Grand Old Party”. It was originally used after the Civil War describing the Republicans as the party that was associated with the successful military defense of the Union.","he Republican Party is often called the GOP, which stands for the “Grand Old Party”. It was originally used after the Civil War describing the Republicans as the party that was associated with the successful military defense of the Union. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The GOP The Grand Old Party. This is a political party, one that controls a significant portion of the United States. A political party is a group of people that agree on issues and decide to pool their opinions and influence the government. The GOP usually called the Republican Party is a party that dates back to the mid 1800s and has more conservative positions on issues, if you have heard of Donald Trump, this is the party that he belongs to. Another significant party in the United States is the Democratic Party, This party dates back to the early 1800s and has more liberal positions on issuContinue ReadingThe GOP The Grand Old Party. This is a political party, one that controls a significant portion of the United States. A political party is a group of people that agree on issues and decide to pool their opinions and influence the government. The GOP usually called the Republican Party is a party that dates back to the mid 1800s and has more conservative positions on issues, if you have heard of Donald Trump, this is the party that he belongs to. Another significant party in the United States is the Democratic Party, This party dates back to the early 1800s and has more liberal positions on issues. ","The GOP The Grand Old Party. This is a political party, one that controls a significant portion of the United States. A political party is a group of people that agree on issues and decide to pool their opinions and influence the government. The GOP usually called the Republican Party is a party that dates back to the mid 1800s and has more conservative positions on issues, if you have heard of Donald Trump, this is the party that he belongs to. Another significant party in the United States is the Democratic Party, This party dates back to the early 1800s and has more liberal positions on issuContinue ReadingThe GOP The Grand Old Party. This is a political party, one that controls a significant portion of the United States. A political party is a group of people that agree on issues and decide to pool their opinions and influence the government. The GOP usually called the Republican Party is a party that dates back to the mid 1800s and has more conservative positions on issues, if you have heard of Donald Trump, this is the party that he belongs to. Another significant party in the United States is the Democratic Party, This party dates back to the early 1800s and has more liberal positions on issues.  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The Republican Party, often called the GOP (short for “Grand Old Party”) is one of two major political parties in the United States. Founded in 1854 as a coalition opposing the extension of slavery into Western territories, the Republican Party fought to protect the rights of African Americans after the Civil War.","he Republican Party, often called the GOP (short for “Grand Old Party”) is one of two major political parties in the United States. Founded in 1854 as a coalition opposing the extension of slavery into Western territories, the Republican Party fought to protect the rights of African Americans after the Civil War. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","GOP is an acronym for the Grand Old Party. The republican party was founded by anti-slavery expansion activists in 1854. The term Grand Old Party is a traditional nickname for the Republican Party and the abbreviation GOP is a commonly used designation. The term originated in 1875 in the Congressional Record, referring to the party associated with the successful military defense of the Union as “Gallant Old Party” but in 1888 it was changed to Grand Old Party. The elephant - has been the symbol of the Republican Party since 1874 - remembers that GOP stands for Grand Old Party.","OP is an acronym for the Grand Old Party. The republican party was founded by anti-slavery expansion activists in 1854. The term Grand Old Party is a traditional nickname for the Republican Party and the abbreviation GOP is a commonly used designation. The term originated in 1875 in the Congressional Record, referring to the party associated with the successful military defense of the Union as “Gallant Old Party” but in 1888 it was changed to Grand Old Party. The elephant - has been the symbol of the Republican Party since 1874 - remembers that GOP stands for Grand Old Party. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Grand Old Party aka The Republican Party","Grand Old Party aka The Republican Party |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('yards')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","mile"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"I have an easy way to remember this one. Easy that is if you are old and used to run track. Back in the day when races were run on a quarter mile track, instead of on a 400 meter track, we all knew that the track was 440 yards around. Since you had to run 4 laps to run a mile, you just multiply 440x4 and get 1760 yards to a mile. Simple huh?","I have an easy way to remember this one. Easy that is if you are old and used to run track. Back in the day when races were run on a quarter mile track, instead of on a 400 meter track, we all knew that the track was 440 yards around. Since you had to run 4 laps to run a mile, you just multiply 440x4 and get 1760 yards to a mile. Simple huh? |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Divide 5280 by three and you get the equivalent of a statute mile in yards. BTW, there are two types of mile; the statute mile and the nautical mile. The statute mile is 5280 ft. The nautical mite is the equatorial distance equivalent to about 1.15 statute mile or 6072 ft.","ivide 5280 by three and you get the equivalent of a statute mile in yards. BTW, there are two types of mile; the statute mile and the nautical mile. The statute mile is 5280 ft. The nautical mite is the equatorial distance equivalent to about 1.15 statute mile or 6072 ft. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A Mile consists of 1760 yards, or 5280 feet. A mile is equivalent to 1609.3 meters or 1.6093 kms and vice versa 1 km = 0.62137 Mile. However, nautical mile is little bigger than the normal mile. One Nautical Mile ( Internstional ) is equal to… 1.852 kms, or 1.15078 Miles. (Used by the Shipping Lines on the Watermasses of the Equatorial circumference of the planet, based on the Latitudinal Distances). Thanks."," Mile consists of 1760 yards, or 5280 feet. A mile is equivalent to 1609.3 meters or 1.6093 kms and vice versa 1 km = 0.62137 Mile. However, nautical mile is little bigger than the normal mile. One Nautical Mile ( Internstional ) is equal to… 1.852 kms, or 1.15078 Miles. (Used by the Shipping Lines on the Watermasses of the Equatorial circumference of the planet, based on the Latitudinal Distances). Thanks. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('download')|","|pal:NRT('videos')|","|pal:NRT('from')|","facebook"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Many people want to save the videos they watch on Facebook, which they can then share with friends and family members in other ways. Fortunately, there are multiple ways to save videos from Facebook. The first method is by using a browser extension that allows you to download the video file directly onto your computer. The second method is by using the Facebook mobile app, which allows you to save the video through an in-app feature called Save. The video will then be saved to your mobile and you can view it whenever you had like.Continue ReadingMany people want to save the videos they watch on Facebook, which they can then share with friends and family members in other ways. Fortunately, there are multiple ways to save videos from Facebook. The first method is by using a browser extension that allows you to download the video file directly onto your computer. The second method is by using the Facebook mobile app, which allows you to save the video through an in-app feature called Save. The video will then be saved to your mobile and you can view it whenever you had like.","any people want to save the videos they watch on Facebook, which they can then share with friends and family members in other ways. Fortunately, there are multiple ways to save videos from Facebook. The first method is by using a browser extension that allows you to download the video file directly onto your computer. The second method is by using the Facebook mobile app, which allows you to save the video through an in-app feature called Save. The video will then be saved to your mobile and you can view it whenever you had like.Continue ReadingMany people want to save the videos they watch on Facebook, which they can then share with friends and family members in other ways. Fortunately, there are multiple ways to save videos from Facebook. The first method is by using a browser extension that allows you to download the video file directly onto your computer. The second method is by using the Facebook mobile app, which allows you to save the video through an in-app feature called Save. The video will then be saved to your mobile and you can view it whenever you had like. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Facebook will give you the option to save your steam once it has been completed. When you have this you can then share the saved version back out to your audience. If you want to download it to share across other networks you can either follow the instructions as per the other posts. Alternatively you could just promote your Facebook download to other channels. This would make sense if you are trying to grow your Facebook audience and are going to be doing more live video.","acebook will give you the option to save your steam once it has been completed. When you have this you can then share the saved version back out to your audience. If you want to download it to share across other networks you can either follow the instructions as per the other posts. Alternatively you could just promote your Facebook download to other channels. This would make sense if you are trying to grow your Facebook audience and are going to be doing more live video. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","You can use facebook hd video downloader. Apart from the long name, all it does is add a download button on the video itself. So when you see a video, just click the button to download it without using any third party utility. Link : https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/facebook-hd-video-downloa/aojppbnmiahgnpbceadajdiplffpmohl","You can use facebook hd video downloader. Apart from the long name, all it does is add a download button on the video itself. So when you see a video, just click the button to download it without using any third party utility. Link : https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/facebook-hd-video-downloa/aojppbnmiahgnpbceadajdiplffpmohl |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ml')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","liter"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Milliliter (ml) is a unit of capacity equal to 1/1,000 (one-thousandth) of a liter. In other words 1000 milliliters equal 1 liter. 1000 milliliter (ml) = 1 Liter (l) Measure of Volumes 10 milliliters (ml) = 1 centiliter (cl) 10 centiliters=1 deciliter (dl)=100 milliliters 1 liter = 1000 milliliters 1 milliliter = 1 cubic centimeter 1 liter = 1000 cubic centimeters 100 centiliter=1 liter (L)=1,000milliliters 1000 liters = 1 kiloliter (km) Conversion Tables and Methods to Use when converting from Metric Units to Metric Units (Volume) Some terms to remember Meter – Length Kilo – Thousand Liter – Volume Milli – Continue ReadingMilliliter (ml) is a unit of capacity equal to 1/1,000 (one-thousandth) of a liter. In other words 1000 milliliters equal 1 liter. 1000 milliliter (ml) = 1 Liter (l) Measure of Volumes 10 milliliters (ml) = 1 centiliter (cl) 10 centiliters=1 deciliter (dl)=100 milliliters 1 liter = 1000 milliliters 1 milliliter = 1 cubic centimeter 1 liter = 1000 cubic centimeters 100 centiliter=1 liter (L)=1,000milliliters 1000 liters = 1 kiloliter (km) Conversion Tables and Methods to Use when converting from Metric Units to Metric Units (Volume) Some terms to remember Meter – Length Kilo – Thousand Liter – Volume Milli – Thousand Gram – Mass/Weight Centi – Hundred Celsius – Temperature Deci – Ten","Milliliter (ml) is a unit of capacity equal to 1/1,000 (one-thousandth) of a liter. In other words 1000 milliliters equal 1 liter. 1000 milliliter (ml) = 1 Liter (l) Measure of Volumes 10 milliliters (ml) = 1 centiliter (cl) 10 centiliters=1 deciliter (dl)=100 milliliters 1 liter = 1000 milliliters 1 milliliter = 1 cubic centimeter 1 liter = 1000 cubic centimeters 100 centiliter=1 liter (L)=1,000milliliters 1000 liters = 1 kiloliter (km) Conversion Tables and Methods to Use when converting from Metric Units to Metric Units (Volume) Some terms to remember Meter – Length Kilo – Thousand Liter – Volume Milli – Continue ReadingMilliliter (ml) is a unit of capacity equal to 1/1,000 (one-thousandth) of a liter. In other words 1000 milliliters equal 1 liter. 1000 milliliter (ml) = 1 Liter (l) Measure of Volumes 10 milliliters (ml) = 1 centiliter (cl) 10 centiliters=1 deciliter (dl)=100 milliliters 1 liter = 1000 milliliters 1 milliliter = 1 cubic centimeter 1 liter = 1000 cubic centimeters 100 centiliter=1 liter (L)=1,000milliliters 1000 liters = 1 kiloliter (km) Conversion Tables and Methods to Use when converting from Metric Units to Metric Units (Volume) Some terms to remember Meter – Length Kilo – Thousand Liter – Volume Milli – Thousand Gram – Mass/Weight Centi – Hundred Celsius – Temperature Deci – Ten |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well it rounds up (or down?) to—-ZERO. On the other hand “milli” means “one thousandth” so there’s a 1000 millilitres in a litre. On the other hand, if you’re going to become fluid in the use of SI numbers, it’s a good idea to use the real spelling—-which is “re” NOT “er”.","ell it rounds up (or down?) to—-ZERO. On the other hand “milli” means “one thousandth” so there’s a 1000 millilitres in a litre. On the other hand, if you’re going to become fluid in the use of SI numbers, it’s a good idea to use the real spelling—-which is “re” NOT “er”. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This is not a real question and I suspect the poster well knows that. There is no computation or extra information needed whatsover to answer the question. You merely have to know what a milliliter (ml) actually is. If you had phrased the question properly it would go something like this: I have a computer with a connection to the internet and sufficient knowledge to search for what a milliliter is but I would much prefer to troll Quora and ask someone there to define it for me. Good for a laugh. If this were genuine you might have asked what the abbreviation ml stood for. Or if you are five yearContinue ReadingThis is not a real question and I suspect the poster well knows that. There is no computation or extra information needed whatsover to answer the question. You merely have to know what a milliliter (ml) actually is. If you had phrased the question properly it would go something like this: I have a computer with a connection to the internet and sufficient knowledge to search for what a milliliter is but I would much prefer to troll Quora and ask someone there to define it for me. Good for a laugh. If this were genuine you might have asked what the abbreviation ml stood for. Or if you are five years old you might have confessed to complete ignorance of the metric system and asked for assistance. (Apologies offered if you are five.)Litre - WikipediaUnit of volume This article is about a common unit of volume. For the plant commonly known as litre, see Lithraea caustica . One-litre beer mugs ( German : Maßkrüge ) at the 2006 Oktoberfest in Germany The litre (international spelling) or liter ( American English spelling) (SI symbols L and l , [1] other symbol used: ℓ ) is a metric unit of volume . It is equal to 1 cubic decimetre (dm 3 ), 1000 cubic centimetres (cm 3 ) or 0.001 cubic metre (m 3 ). A cubic decimetre (or litre) occupies a volume of 10 cm × 10&nbsp;cm × 10&nbsp;cm (see figure) and is thus equal to one-thousandth of a cubic metre. The original French metric system used the litre as a base unit . The word litre is derived from an older French unit, the litron , whose name came from Byzantine Greek —where it was a unit of weight, not volume [2] —via Late Medieval Latin, and which equalled approximately 0.831&nbsp;litres. The litre was also used in several subsequent versions of the metric system and is accepted for use with the SI, [3] although not an SI unit —the SI unit of volume is the cubic metre (m 3 ). The spelling used by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures is litre, [3] a spelling which is shared by most English-speaking countries. The spelling liter is predominantly used in American English . [a] One litre of liquid water has a mass of almost exactly one kilogram , because the kilogram was originally defined in 1795 as the mass of one cubic decimetre of water at the temperature of melting ice ( 0&nbsp;°C ). [4] Subsequent redefinitions of the metre and kilogram mean that this relationship is no longer exact. [5] Definition [ edit ] Some SI units of volume to scale and approximate corresponding mass of water A litre is a cubic decimetre , which is the volume of a cube 10 centimetres × 10 centimetres × 10 centimetres (1&nbsp;L ≡ 1&nbsp;dm 3 ≡ 1000&nbsp;cm 3 ). Hence 1&nbsp;L ≡ 0.001 m 3 ≡ 1000 cm 3 ; and 1&nbsp;m 3 (i.e. a cubic metre, which is the SI unit for volume) is exactly 1000&nbsp;L. From 1901 to 1964, the litre was defined as the volume of one kilogram of pure water at maximum density (+3.98&nbsp;°C) [ citation needed ] and standard pressure . The kilogram was in turn specified as the mass of the International Prototype of the Kilogram (a specific platinum/iridium cylinder) and was intended to be of the same mass as the 1&nbsp;litre of water referred to above. It was subsequently discovered that the cylinder was around 28 parts per million too large and thus, during this time, a litre was about 1.000 028 dm 3 . Additionally, the mass–volume relationship of water (as with any fluid) depends on temperature, pressure, purity and isotopic uniformity. In 1964, the definition relating the litre to mass was superseded by the current one. Although the litre is not an SI unit, it is accepted by the CGPM (the standards body that defines the SI) for use with the SI. CGPM defines the litre and its acceptable symbols. A litre is equal in volume to the millistere , an obsolete non-SI metric unit formerly customarily used fhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Litre Milli- Definition &amp; Meaning - Dictionary.comMilli- definition, a combining form meaning “thousand” (millipede): in the metric system, used in the names of units equal to one thousandth of the given base unit (millimeter). See more.https://www.dictionary.com/browse/milli-","This is not a real question and I suspect the poster well knows that. There is no computation or extra information needed whatsover to answer the question. You merely have to know what a milliliter (ml) actually is. If you had phrased the question properly it would go something like this: I have a computer with a connection to the internet and sufficient knowledge to search for what a milliliter is but I would much prefer to troll Quora and ask someone there to define it for me. Good for a laugh. If this were genuine you might have asked what the abbreviation ml stood for. Or if you are five yearContinue ReadingThis is not a real question and I suspect the poster well knows that. There is no computation or extra information needed whatsover to answer the question. You merely have to know what a milliliter (ml) actually is. If you had phrased the question properly it would go something like this: I have a computer with a connection to the internet and sufficient knowledge to search for what a milliliter is but I would much prefer to troll Quora and ask someone there to define it for me. Good for a laugh. If this were genuine you might have asked what the abbreviation ml stood for. Or if you are five years old you might have confessed to complete ignorance of the metric system and asked for assistance. (Apologies offered if you are five.)Litre - WikipediaUnit of volume This article is about a common unit of volume. For the plant commonly known as litre, see Lithraea caustica . One-litre beer mugs ( German : Maßkrüge ) at the 2006 Oktoberfest in Germany The litre (international spelling) or liter ( American English spelling) (SI symbols L and l , [1] other symbol used: ℓ ) is a metric unit of volume . It is equal to 1 cubic decimetre (dm 3 ), 1000 cubic centimetres (cm 3 ) or 0.001 cubic metre (m 3 ). A cubic decimetre (or litre) occupies a volume of 10 cm × 10&nbsp;cm × 10&nbsp;cm (see figure) and is thus equal to one-thousandth of a cubic metre. The original French metric system used the litre as a base unit . The word litre is derived from an older French unit, the litron , whose name came from Byzantine Greek —where it was a unit of weight, not volume [2] —via Late Medieval Latin, and which equalled approximately 0.831&nbsp;litres. The litre was also used in several subsequent versions of the metric system and is accepted for use with the SI, [3] although not an SI unit —the SI unit of volume is the cubic metre (m 3 ). The spelling used by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures is litre, [3] a spelling which is shared by most English-speaking countries. The spelling liter is predominantly used in American English . [a] One litre of liquid water has a mass of almost exactly one kilogram , because the kilogram was originally defined in 1795 as the mass of one cubic decimetre of water at the temperature of melting ice ( 0&nbsp;°C ). [4] Subsequent redefinitions of the metre and kilogram mean that this relationship is no longer exact. [5] Definition [ edit ] Some SI units of volume to scale and approximate corresponding mass of water A litre is a cubic decimetre , which is the volume of a cube 10 centimetres × 10 centimetres × 10 centimetres (1&nbsp;L ≡ 1&nbsp;dm 3 ≡ 1000&nbsp;cm 3 ). Hence 1&nbsp;L ≡ 0.001 m 3 ≡ 1000 cm 3 ; and 1&nbsp;m 3 (i.e. a cubic metre, which is the SI unit for volume) is exactly 1000&nbsp;L. From 1901 to 1964, the litre was defined as the volume of one kilogram of pure water at maximum density (+3.98&nbsp;°C) [ citation needed ] and standard pressure . The kilogram was in turn specified as the mass of the International Prototype of the Kilogram (a specific platinum/iridium cylinder) and was intended to be of the same mass as the 1&nbsp;litre of water referred to above. It was subsequently discovered that the cylinder was around 28 parts per million too large and thus, during this time, a litre was about 1.000 028 dm 3 . Additionally, the mass–volume relationship of water (as with any fluid) depends on temperature, pressure, purity and isotopic uniformity. In 1964, the definition relating the litre to mass was superseded by the current one. Although the litre is not an SI unit, it is accepted by the CGPM (the standards body that defines the SI) for use with the SI. CGPM defines the litre and its acceptable symbols. A litre is equal in volume to the millistere , an obsolete non-SI metric unit formerly customarily used fhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Litre Milli- Definition &amp; Meaning - Dictionary.comMilli- definition, a combining form meaning “thousand” (millipede): in the metric system, used in the names of units equal to one thousandth of the given base unit (millimeter). See more.https://www.dictionary.com/browse/milli- |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I see. This question is for Americans only? Every other country on earth is laughing right now because it is a trivial answer (see other responses). But wait! You spelled it “litre”, that means… oh no! …. you’re from over there and you got this wrong?!","I see. This question is for Americans only? Every other country on earth is laughing right now because it is a trivial answer (see other responses). But wait! You spelled it “litre”, that means… oh no! …. you’re from over there and you got this wrong?! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","None. A liter is a measure of volume. Millimeter is a measure of length. If you meant milliliter, there are 1000 milliliters in a liter. If you meant cubic millimeters, a million (10^6) cubic millimeters equal a liter.","one. A liter is a measure of volume. Millimeter is a measure of length. If you meant milliliter, there are 1000 milliliters in a liter. If you meant cubic millimeters, a million (10^6) cubic millimeters equal a liter. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('screenshot')|","|pal:NRT('on')|","pc"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"As on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick).","s on any Mac computer, you can either use cmd+shift+3 for an instant full-screen capture, or cmd+shift+4 to get a crosshair and choose the part of the screen you want to capture by selecting it. In both cases, the saved image will go on your desktop as a PNG (though it is possible to change it to JPG with a command-line trick). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Taking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS.","aking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture Continue ReadingTaking a screenshot on a Mac is straightforward, and there are several methods to capture different types of screenshots. Here are some common methods:Capture the entire screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 3 simultaneously. Youll hear a camera shutter sound, and the screenshot will be saved to your desktop by default.Capture a selected portion of the screen:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 simultaneously. Your cursor will change to a crosshair icon. Click and drag to select the area you want to capture. Release the mouse button to take the screenshot, and it will be saved to your desktop.Capture a specific window or menu:Press Command (⌘) + Shift + 4 + Spacebar. Your cursor will change to a camera icon. Move the camera icon over the window or menu you want to capture and click on it. The screenshot will be saved to your desktop.Capture a screenshot and copy it to the clipboard:Press Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 3 to capture the entire screen or Command (⌘) + Control + Shift + 4 to capture a selected portion. The screenshot will be copied to your clipboard, and you can paste it into an application like an image editor or document.After taking a screenshot, you can find the image file on your desktop by default, and it will be named with a format like Screenshot [date] at [time].png or similar, depending on the date and time when the screenshot was taken. You can also change the default screenshot location and format in your Macs settings if needed. These methods should cover most of your screenshot needs on a Mac, and they are available on most versions of macOS. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","|pal:NRT('lebron')|","james"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"He was born December 30, 1984. He is currently 30","He was born December 30, 1984. He is currently 30 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","As of October 2018, LeBron’s sons are old:LeBron James Jr. - 14 years oldBryce Maximus James - 11 years oldContinue ReadingAs of October 2018, LeBron’s sons are old:LeBron James Jr. - 14 years oldBryce Maximus James - 11 years old","As of October 2018, LeBron’s sons are old:LeBron James Jr. - 14 years oldBryce Maximus James - 11 years oldContinue ReadingAs of October 2018, LeBron’s sons are old:LeBron James Jr. - 14 years oldBryce Maximus James - 11 years old |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","He is, indeed. James and Savannah both grew up in Akron, Ohio and attended rival high schools. She was a cheerleader and softball player.Continue ReadingHe is, indeed. James and Savannah both grew up in Akron, Ohio and attended rival high schools. She was a cheerleader and softball player.","e is, indeed. James and Savannah both grew up in Akron, Ohio and attended rival high schools. She was a cheerleader and softball player.Continue ReadingHe is, indeed. James and Savannah both grew up in Akron, Ohio and attended rival high schools. She was a cheerleader and softball player. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","LeBron James was born on Dec. 30, 1984. LeBron James, as of April 25, 2018, is 33 years old. At the time of you reading this answer, he will be slightly older than he was at the time I provided it. So, to answer your question: yes.","eBron James was born on Dec. 30, 1984. LeBron James, as of April 25, 2018, is 33 years old. At the time of you reading this answer, he will be slightly older than he was at the time I provided it. So, to answer your question: yes. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Few years back isn’t specific. “ Born: December 30, 1984 (age 37 years), Akron, OH”. You can do the math.","ew years back isn’t specific. “ Born: December 30, 1984 (age 37 years), Akron, OH”. You can do the math. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"who","|pal:NRT('lebron')|","james"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Uh, yeah. On just a superficial level, the rings argument doesn’t apply. Kobe won three rings as a second banana to Shaq and two rings as the Alpha. LeBron has won three rings as the Alpha of his teams. So while Kobe has more championships, he has *led* his team to less, because those first three were Shaq’s teams. Nobody’s arguing that Pippen is better than Kobe because Pippen’s six &gt; Kobe’s five, because Pippen was the #2 for all of those rings. Same with Kobe’s first three. From a stat point of view the argument gets even worse. LeBron averages more points per game than Kobe (both regular seaContinue ReadingUh, yeah. On just a superficial level, the rings argument doesn’t apply. Kobe won three rings as a second banana to Shaq and two rings as the Alpha. LeBron has won three rings as the Alpha of his teams. So while Kobe has more championships, he has *led* his team to less, because those first three were Shaq’s teams. Nobody’s arguing that Pippen is better than Kobe because Pippen’s six &gt; Kobe’s five, because Pippen was the #2 for all of those rings. Same with Kobe’s first three. From a stat point of view the argument gets even worse. LeBron averages more points per game than Kobe (both regular season and playoffs) and does it more efficiently (missing fewer shots). LeBron is also a better passer, rebounder and defender, so that makes Kobe’s argument pretty weak. But how about their performance in the Finals? Surely, as Kobe is super-clutch, that’s where his dominance will be asserted. Here are some Finals per-game averages Player A: 25.2 points on 24.7 shooting possessions, 5.6 rebounds, 5.1 assistsPlayer B: 28.3 points on 25.7 shooting possessions, 9.8 rebounds, 7.7 assists Pretty obvious who is whom, right? Player B destroys player A on boards and assists, and scores 3.1 points per game more while using only one more shot to do it. Not much of an argument, right? About about individual Finals performances? Let’s consider probably Kobe’s best Finals, the 09 series against the Magic where he averaged 32.4 points (on 30.9 shots), 5.6 rebounds and 7.4 assists. Pretty great right? Compare that with LeBron’s 2012 performance against Oklahoma City, where LeBron averaged 28.6 points (on 25.6 shots) plus 10.2 boards and 7.4 assists. Kind of comparable right? Kobe scored more (though less efficiently) and LeBron averaged almost five more boards per game. I could see a Kobe fan considering the Kobe series as the superior series. What if I told you that the listed LeBron stat line was probably only his fifth best Finals? How about 2015 against the Warriors when he averaged 35.8 (on 37.6 shots), with 13.3 boards and 8.8 assists. Yeah, it was inefficient, but it’s still more than Kobe’s ever scored per game in the Finals. How about 2016 against the Warriors when he averaged 29.7 points (on 26.4 shots) with 11.3 boards and 8.9 assists (and 4.9 steals+blocks)? How about the 2018 Finals against the Warriors when he averaged 34 points (on 27.4 shots - holy heck) with 8.5 boards and 10 assists? How about the 2017 Finals against the Warriors when he averaged 33.6 points (on 26.7 shots) with 12 boards and 10 assists? I’m sorry, Kobe’s best Finals performance simply can’t compete with those. Not even close. But LeBron is a choker, right? What about his 2007 Finals against the Spurs (22 points on 17.6 shots, 7 boards and 6.8 assists). What about his 2011 performance against the Mavericks (17.8 points per game on 18.8 shots, 7.2 boards and 6.8 assists). Neither of those are very impressive lines. But let’s compare with Kobe’s worst two, his 2000 against the Pacers (15.6 points per game on 19 shots, 4.6 rebounds, 4.2 assists) and his 2004 against the Pistons (22.6 points per game on 24.8 shots, 2.8 rebounds and 4.4 assists). I don’t know how you can look at those stat lines and think anything other than that LeBron is the better scorer in the Finals (both more points and more efficient) and clearly the better rebounder and passer. What about Game 7s? Looking at the last five for each player: Points per game: LeBron 34.4, Kobe 21.6FG%: LeBron 49.1%, Kobe 37.2%+/-: LeBron +44, Kobe +1 Not close. What about buzzer beaters, say, game-tying or go-ahead shots in the final ten seconds of playoff games? LeBron is 6 of 14 on those shots (43%).Kobe is 5 of 22 on those shots (23%). Not an advantage for Kobe there. But let’s say that you’re not convinced. Let’s say that you still think that Kobe does more than LeBron, but in a way that isn’t covered by points, shots, rebounds and assists. How about looking at +/-? Plus-minus just compares how good a team is when a player is on the court compared with when they’re off the court. It’s an imperfect but quick and dirty glance at player value in a more subtle way than the box score stats. Kobe’s Plus-Minus numbers? Only looking at his performance through age 34 (which is good because his last three years are awful), Kobe’s teams are +5.3 (5.3 points above average per game) when he’s on the court and -1.5 when he’s off the court, for a combined plus-minus of +6.8. His best year by this stat was 2009–10 when he put up a +12.4 for the season. Further, he had four different +10 or better seasons (02–03, 05–06, 08–09 and 09–10). Compare this with LeBron (only through age 34). LeBron’s teams have been +7.0 when he’s on the court and -4.4 when he’s off the court, for a total of +11.4 overall. His best season by this measure is 08–09 when he put up a +21.2 (not a misprint; they outscored opponents by 15 points when he was playing, and were outscored by 6.2 when he was sitting). LeBron has nine different seasons above 10 and six above 15. Not a close comparison. LeBron’s teams played better with him than Kobe’s did, but were worse without him. Huge gap. What about the playoffs? You probably already know where this is going . . . Kobe: +8.3 overall, best year 02–03 at +17.4, four different 10+ playoffsLeBron: +10.2 overall, best year 16–17 at +30.7, six different years at *20+* What does that leave? “Sure, LeBron scores more points more efficiently. Sure he’s the better rebounder and passer. Sure he’s been much better in the Finals than Kobe. Sure he’s been much better in Game 7s than Kobe. Sure he’s a better clutch shooter than Kobe (at least in the last ten seconds of playoff games). Sure he’s won more Finals as the #1 on his team than Kobe. And sure, LeBron’s teams are better with LeBron than Kobe’s are with Kobe, but LeBron’s teams are worse when LeBron sits than when Kobe’s teams are when Kobe sits (and we’re just looking at what teams outscore or are outscored with the players on the floor, we’re not looking at individual player stats). Sure, all that points clearly to LeBron. But what Kobe has over LeBron is . . .” What? I’m sorry. There is absolutely nothing coming after that ellipses that should be at all persuasive. The closest you could get is to fill in with “… some media / talking heads act as though Kobe is as good or better than LeBron so it must be true.” That is not a crazy argument. It’s just wrong. As an overall player, LeBron is better than Kobe in pretty much every way. And there’s really not much ambiguity to the argument.","h, yeah. On just a superficial level, the rings argument doesn’t apply. Kobe won three rings as a second banana to Shaq and two rings as the Alpha. LeBron has won three rings as the Alpha of his teams. So while Kobe has more championships, he has *led* his team to less, because those first three were Shaq’s teams. Nobody’s arguing that Pippen is better than Kobe because Pippen’s six &gt; Kobe’s five, because Pippen was the #2 for all of those rings. Same with Kobe’s first three. From a stat point of view the argument gets even worse. LeBron averages more points per game than Kobe (both regular seaContinue ReadingUh, yeah. On just a superficial level, the rings argument doesn’t apply. Kobe won three rings as a second banana to Shaq and two rings as the Alpha. LeBron has won three rings as the Alpha of his teams. So while Kobe has more championships, he has *led* his team to less, because those first three were Shaq’s teams. Nobody’s arguing that Pippen is better than Kobe because Pippen’s six &gt; Kobe’s five, because Pippen was the #2 for all of those rings. Same with Kobe’s first three. From a stat point of view the argument gets even worse. LeBron averages more points per game than Kobe (both regular season and playoffs) and does it more efficiently (missing fewer shots). LeBron is also a better passer, rebounder and defender, so that makes Kobe’s argument pretty weak. But how about their performance in the Finals? Surely, as Kobe is super-clutch, that’s where his dominance will be asserted. Here are some Finals per-game averages Player A: 25.2 points on 24.7 shooting possessions, 5.6 rebounds, 5.1 assistsPlayer B: 28.3 points on 25.7 shooting possessions, 9.8 rebounds, 7.7 assists Pretty obvious who is whom, right? Player B destroys player A on boards and assists, and scores 3.1 points per game more while using only one more shot to do it. Not much of an argument, right? About about individual Finals performances? Let’s consider probably Kobe’s best Finals, the 09 series against the Magic where he averaged 32.4 points (on 30.9 shots), 5.6 rebounds and 7.4 assists. Pretty great right? Compare that with LeBron’s 2012 performance against Oklahoma City, where LeBron averaged 28.6 points (on 25.6 shots) plus 10.2 boards and 7.4 assists. Kind of comparable right? Kobe scored more (though less efficiently) and LeBron averaged almost five more boards per game. I could see a Kobe fan considering the Kobe series as the superior series. What if I told you that the listed LeBron stat line was probably only his fifth best Finals? How about 2015 against the Warriors when he averaged 35.8 (on 37.6 shots), with 13.3 boards and 8.8 assists. Yeah, it was inefficient, but it’s still more than Kobe’s ever scored per game in the Finals. How about 2016 against the Warriors when he averaged 29.7 points (on 26.4 shots) with 11.3 boards and 8.9 assists (and 4.9 steals+blocks)? How about the 2018 Finals against the Warriors when he averaged 34 points (on 27.4 shots - holy heck) with 8.5 boards and 10 assists? How about the 2017 Finals against the Warriors when he averaged 33.6 points (on 26.7 shots) with 12 boards and 10 assists? I’m sorry, Kobe’s best Finals performance simply can’t compete with those. Not even close. But LeBron is a choker, right? What about his 2007 Finals against the Spurs (22 points on 17.6 shots, 7 boards and 6.8 assists). What about his 2011 performance against the Mavericks (17.8 points per game on 18.8 shots, 7.2 boards and 6.8 assists). Neither of those are very impressive lines. But let’s compare with Kobe’s worst two, his 2000 against the Pacers (15.6 points per game on 19 shots, 4.6 rebounds, 4.2 assists) and his 2004 against the Pistons (22.6 points per game on 24.8 shots, 2.8 rebounds and 4.4 assists). I don’t know how you can look at those stat lines and think anything other than that LeBron is the better scorer in the Finals (both more points and more efficient) and clearly the better rebounder and passer. What about Game 7s? Looking at the last five for each player: Points per game: LeBron 34.4, Kobe 21.6FG%: LeBron 49.1%, Kobe 37.2%+/-: LeBron +44, Kobe +1 Not close. What about buzzer beaters, say, game-tying or go-ahead shots in the final ten seconds of playoff games? LeBron is 6 of 14 on those shots (43%).Kobe is 5 of 22 on those shots (23%). Not an advantage for Kobe there. But let’s say that you’re not convinced. Let’s say that you still think that Kobe does more than LeBron, but in a way that isn’t covered by points, shots, rebounds and assists. How about looking at +/-? Plus-minus just compares how good a team is when a player is on the court compared with when they’re off the court. It’s an imperfect but quick and dirty glance at player value in a more subtle way than the box score stats. Kobe’s Plus-Minus numbers? Only looking at his performance through age 34 (which is good because his last three years are awful), Kobe’s teams are +5.3 (5.3 points above average per game) when he’s on the court and -1.5 when he’s off the court, for a combined plus-minus of +6.8. His best year by this stat was 2009–10 when he put up a +12.4 for the season. Further, he had four different +10 or better seasons (02–03, 05–06, 08–09 and 09–10). Compare this with LeBron (only through age 34). LeBron’s teams have been +7.0 when he’s on the court and -4.4 when he’s off the court, for a total of +11.4 overall. His best season by this measure is 08–09 when he put up a +21.2 (not a misprint; they outscored opponents by 15 points when he was playing, and were outscored by 6.2 when he was sitting). LeBron has nine different seasons above 10 and six above 15. Not a close comparison. LeBron’s teams played better with him than Kobe’s did, but were worse without him. Huge gap. What about the playoffs? You probably already know where this is going . . . Kobe: +8.3 overall, best year 02–03 at +17.4, four different 10+ playoffsLeBron: +10.2 overall, best year 16–17 at +30.7, six different years at *20+* What does that leave? “Sure, LeBron scores more points more efficiently. Sure he’s the better rebounder and passer. Sure he’s been much better in the Finals than Kobe. Sure he’s been much better in Game 7s than Kobe. Sure he’s a better clutch shooter than Kobe (at least in the last ten seconds of playoff games). Sure he’s won more Finals as the #1 on his team than Kobe. And sure, LeBron’s teams are better with LeBron than Kobe’s are with Kobe, but LeBron’s teams are worse when LeBron sits than when Kobe’s teams are when Kobe sits (and we’re just looking at what teams outscore or are outscored with the players on the floor, we’re not looking at individual player stats). Sure, all that points clearly to LeBron. But what Kobe has over LeBron is . . .” What? I’m sorry. There is absolutely nothing coming after that ellipses that should be at all persuasive. The closest you could get is to fill in with “… some media / talking heads act as though Kobe is as good or better than LeBron so it must be true.” That is not a crazy argument. It’s just wrong. As an overall player, LeBron is better than Kobe in pretty much every way. And there’s really not much ambiguity to the argument. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"do","|pal:NRT('you')|","|pal:NRT('like')|","|pal:NRT('lebron')|","james"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Why is LeBron James so underrated and hated? He is not underrated. He is considered the best basketball player on the planet, but he is hated. Here are some of the reasons people hate LeBron. 1. He is very self-congratulatory and self promoting. He still does things to get affirmation, like wearing shoes that say “I am King.” It is his 15th year in the league. He shouldn’t need to pat himself on the Continue ReadingWhy is LeBron James so underrated and hated? He is not underrated. He is considered the best basketball player on the planet, but he is hated. Here are some of the reasons people hate LeBron. 1. He is very self-congratulatory and self promoting. He still does things to get affirmation, like wearing shoes that say “I am King.” It is his 15th year in the league. He shouldn’t need to pat himself on the back so hard. He might break his arm or something. He was asked who should win the MVP for 2017–2018. He said himself, then did a short promo on why. He has also proclaimed himself, “The Chosen One”. I don’t expect players that rich, popular, or talented to be humble, but he has taken it to another level.2. The Decision. LeBron ensured that he would never get another free pass in the GOAT discussion when he “took his talents to South Beach”. He picked a great organization, surrounded himself with hall of fame talent, and promised at least 7–8 championships after leaving Cleveland feeling so cold and lonely. And bitter. They burned his jersey, sure, but most people who didn’t have such personal feelings about it, felt that LeBron, a once-in-a-generation player, gave himself some towering advantages over other players in the league and from other eras. He got to pick his team, his conference, his climate, and his destiny. Four finals and two championships later he had had enough and decided to take his talents back to Cleveland.3. The instability. Call it arrogance. Call it restlessness. But LeBron gives off the vibe that he can do whatever he wants, go wherever he wants, and change his mind at his leisure. Don’t get me wrong. It is his prerogative. But he has disappointed a lot of people in Cleveland and Miami. And now he has refused to definitively squash rumors that he is still planning to leave Cleveland for a second time. Papa must be a rolling stone. Why d...","hy is LeBron James so underrated and hated? He is not underrated. He is considered the best basketball player on the planet, but he is hated. Here are some of the reasons people hate LeBron. 1. He is very self-congratulatory and self promoting. He still does things to get affirmation, like wearing shoes that say “I am King.” It is his 15th year in the league. He shouldn’t need to pat himself on the Continue ReadingWhy is LeBron James so underrated and hated? He is not underrated. He is considered the best basketball player on the planet, but he is hated. Here are some of the reasons people hate LeBron. 1. He is very self-congratulatory and self promoting. He still does things to get affirmation, like wearing shoes that say “I am King.” It is his 15th year in the league. He shouldn’t need to pat himself on the back so hard. He might break his arm or something. He was asked who should win the MVP for 2017–2018. He said himself, then did a short promo on why. He has also proclaimed himself, “The Chosen One”. I don’t expect players that rich, popular, or talented to be humble, but he has taken it to another level.2. The Decision. LeBron ensured that he would never get another free pass in the GOAT discussion when he “took his talents to South Beach”. He picked a great organization, surrounded himself with hall of fame talent, and promised at least 7–8 championships after leaving Cleveland feeling so cold and lonely. And bitter. They burned his jersey, sure, but most people who didn’t have such personal feelings about it, felt that LeBron, a once-in-a-generation player, gave himself some towering advantages over other players in the league and from other eras. He got to pick his team, his conference, his climate, and his destiny. Four finals and two championships later he had had enough and decided to take his talents back to Cleveland.3. The instability. Call it arrogance. Call it restlessness. But LeBron gives off the vibe that he can do whatever he wants, go wherever he wants, and change his mind at his leisure. Don’t get me wrong. It is his prerogative. But he has disappointed a lot of people in Cleveland and Miami. And now he has refused to definitively squash rumors that he is still planning to leave Cleveland for a second time. Papa must be a rolling stone. Why d... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","No one roots for Goliath. - Wilt Chamberlain ","No one roots for Goliath. - Wilt Chamberlain  |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('pounds')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","stone"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The British unit of measure called a stone is 14 lb; however, not all real stones are aware of, or meet this requirement. Some are obese, others, anorexic.","he British unit of measure called a stone is 14 lb; however, not all real stones are aware of, or meet this requirement. Some are obese, others, anorexic. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","16 ounces in a pound (16 oz = 1lb) 14 pounds in a stone 8 stones in a hundredweight 8 hundredweights in a ton (Imperial)","16 ounces in a pound (16 oz = 1lb) 14 pounds in a stone 8 stones in a hundredweight 8 hundredweights in a ton (Imperial) |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('long')|","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('it')|","|pal:NRT('take')|","mars"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"“SPACE” is not a place or point, it is an area of indefinite expanse (possible effectively infinite). Perhaps you mean from the nearest point on our planet beginning at the outer edges of our atmosphere.","SPACE” is not a place or point, it is an area of indefinite expanse (possible effectively infinite). Perhaps you mean from the nearest point on our planet beginning at the outer edges of our atmosphere. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Well, it depends on where “in space” you start out! If we assume that you go from Earth Orbit - then the trip to Mars can be as short as 6 months - with current rocket technology. But that depends on the Earth and Mars being in the optimum place in their orbits - so you leave Earth at an achievable speed - and catch up with Mars just as it’s orbit swings around ahead of you. That arrangement only happens once every 26 months. If you try at other times - it’ll take a LOT longer to get there.","ell, it depends on where “in space” you start out! If we assume that you go from Earth Orbit - then the trip to Mars can be as short as 6 months - with current rocket technology. But that depends on the Earth and Mars being in the optimum place in their orbits - so you leave Earth at an achievable speed - and catch up with Mars just as it’s orbit swings around ahead of you. That arrangement only happens once every 26 months. If you try at other times - it’ll take a LOT longer to get there. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","From Earth orbit, the shortest trip is about seven months with the rockets we normally use. You have to leave at just the right time so that Mars will be in the right place when it arrives. You could get there faster if you could accelerate for longer, but most spacecraft just coast most of the way. Here is the flight of the Perseverance rover:Continue ReadingFrom Earth orbit, the shortest trip is about seven months with the rockets we normally use. You have to leave at just the right time so that Mars will be in the right place when it arrives. You could get there faster if you could accelerate for longer, but most spacecraft just coast most of the way. Here is the flight of the Perseverance rover:","From Earth orbit, the shortest trip is about seven months with the rockets we normally use. You have to leave at just the right time so that Mars will be in the right place when it arrives. You could get there faster if you could accelerate for longer, but most spacecraft just coast most of the way. Here is the flight of the Perseverance rover:Continue ReadingFrom Earth orbit, the shortest trip is about seven months with the rockets we normally use. You have to leave at just the right time so that Mars will be in the right place when it arrives. You could get there faster if you could accelerate for longer, but most spacecraft just coast most of the way. Here is the flight of the Perseverance rover: |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It takes 6 minutes of terror to travel from Martian orbit (which is in space) to the surface of the Mars.","t takes 6 minutes of terror to travel from Martian orbit (which is in space) to the surface of the Mars. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('feet')|","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","mile"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.75}, nil, nil, nil,{"A mile, used by the Romans, was 1,000 paces, about 1,618 yards. That works out to 4,854 feet. However, it was eventually standardized to be 8 furlongs. A furlong is the length of a furrow, the distance a team of oxen could pull a heavy plow without resting. Since a furlong is 220 yards (660 feet) that makes the mile 5,280 feet."," mile, used by the Romans, was 1,000 paces, about 1,618 yards. That works out to 4,854 feet. However, it was eventually standardized to be 8 furlongs. A furlong is the length of a furrow, the distance a team of oxen could pull a heavy plow without resting. Since a furlong is 220 yards (660 feet) that makes the mile 5,280 feet. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 5,280 feet in one mile. This is a commonly used conversion factor in the United States, where the mile is the primary unit of distance measurement for roadways, race tracks, and other applications. So, if you have a distance measured in miles and you want to convert it to feet, you can multiply the number of miles by 5,280 to get the number of feet. Conversely, if you have a distance measured in feet and you want to convert it to miles, you can divide the number of feet by 5,280 to get the number of miles.","here are 5,280 feet in one mile. This is a commonly used conversion factor in the United States, where the mile is the primary unit of distance measurement for roadways, race tracks, and other applications. So, if you have a distance measured in miles and you want to convert it to feet, you can multiply the number of miles by 5,280 to get the number of feet. Conversely, if you have a distance measured in feet and you want to convert it to miles, you can divide the number of feet by 5,280 to get the number of miles. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This is a lazy question for Quora! First of all, every educated person should KNOW this. Second, it is easily Googled and does not require the expertise of the people who answer these questions.","his is a lazy question for Quora! First of all, every educated person should KNOW this. Second, it is easily Googled and does not require the expertise of the people who answer these questions. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","website"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are plenty of options to start developing your website. From Scratch: For Static Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTFor Dynamic Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTJQUERYPHPMYSQLHow to create RESTFUL API SERVICESFor E-Commerce Website - Here you have alot of options. You can develop it using CMS Software likeMagentoOpencartPrestashopShopifyand many more in the listor you can build it from scratch. For Blogging Website - You can develop it from scratch or other options are :WordpressWixBloggerWeeblyPS: It all depends upon your convenience and how you want to develop yourContinue ReadingThere are plenty of options to start developing your website. From Scratch: For Static Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTFor Dynamic Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTJQUERYPHPMYSQLHow to create RESTFUL API SERVICESFor E-Commerce Website - Here you have alot of options. You can develop it using CMS Software likeMagentoOpencartPrestashopShopifyand many more in the listor you can build it from scratch. For Blogging Website - You can develop it from scratch or other options are :WordpressWixBloggerWeeblyPS: It all depends upon your convenience and how you want to develop your website. I have listed all the starter and advanced options for you. Wish you luck for your developing career Pal !","There are plenty of options to start developing your website. From Scratch: For Static Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTFor Dynamic Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTJQUERYPHPMYSQLHow to create RESTFUL API SERVICESFor E-Commerce Website - Here you have alot of options. You can develop it using CMS Software likeMagentoOpencartPrestashopShopifyand many more in the listor you can build it from scratch. For Blogging Website - You can develop it from scratch or other options are :WordpressWixBloggerWeeblyPS: It all depends upon your convenience and how you want to develop yourContinue ReadingThere are plenty of options to start developing your website. From Scratch: For Static Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTFor Dynamic Website - You should be knowingHTMLCSSJAVASCRIPTJQUERYPHPMYSQLHow to create RESTFUL API SERVICESFor E-Commerce Website - Here you have alot of options. You can develop it using CMS Software likeMagentoOpencartPrestashopShopifyand many more in the listor you can build it from scratch. For Blogging Website - You can develop it from scratch or other options are :WordpressWixBloggerWeeblyPS: It all depends upon your convenience and how you want to develop your website. I have listed all the starter and advanced options for you. Wish you luck for your developing career Pal ! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","If you want to create a website for yourself or for your business, you can easily do that by using the right tools and resources. Anyone can build and design a website without knowing anything about web development, design, or coding. 1. Domain name Its the URL youll be sharing with your current and potential clients and promoting on social media. It should be easy to remember and type in. Youll need to confirm its availability through a domain registrar like GoDaddy, Squarespace, Wix, or Stand Out Online with a Professional Small Business Website. 2. Web host A shared web host, the least-expenContinue ReadingIf you want to create a website for yourself or for your business, you can easily do that by using the right tools and resources. Anyone can build and design a website without knowing anything about web development, design, or coding. 1. Domain name Its the URL youll be sharing with your current and potential clients and promoting on social media. It should be easy to remember and type in. Youll need to confirm its availability through a domain registrar like GoDaddy, Squarespace, Wix, or Stand Out Online with a Professional Small Business Website. 2. Web host A shared web host, the least-expensive option, means youll share a server with other sites. Dedicated hosting costs more, but it means that you get your own private server and wont have to compete with other sites that could slow down your speed. 3. Build your pages Your business goal should be clearly visible on the page. Place strategic calls to action. Set up as many automated speed improvements as you can. If youre looking for photos to use on your page, its best to use a picture of your actual team or office. 4. Test and publish your website Make sure it works on all major browsers. Click through each page and feature on every browser to ensure images show up, links are correct, etc. Add into your website an analytics program. You can monitor page performance and determine success. 5. Develop your site Update your website frequently with blog posts on current industry events, new products and offers, and company news to keep visitors coming back to the site.","f you want to create a website for yourself or for your business, you can easily do that by using the right tools and resources. Anyone can build and design a website without knowing anything about web development, design, or coding. 1. Domain name Its the URL youll be sharing with your current and potential clients and promoting on social media. It should be easy to remember and type in. Youll need to confirm its availability through a domain registrar like GoDaddy, Squarespace, Wix, or Stand Out Online with a Professional Small Business Website. 2. Web host A shared web host, the least-expenContinue ReadingIf you want to create a website for yourself or for your business, you can easily do that by using the right tools and resources. Anyone can build and design a website without knowing anything about web development, design, or coding. 1. Domain name Its the URL youll be sharing with your current and potential clients and promoting on social media. It should be easy to remember and type in. Youll need to confirm its availability through a domain registrar like GoDaddy, Squarespace, Wix, or Stand Out Online with a Professional Small Business Website. 2. Web host A shared web host, the least-expensive option, means youll share a server with other sites. Dedicated hosting costs more, but it means that you get your own private server and wont have to compete with other sites that could slow down your speed. 3. Build your pages Your business goal should be clearly visible on the page. Place strategic calls to action. Set up as many automated speed improvements as you can. If youre looking for photos to use on your page, its best to use a picture of your actual team or office. 4. Test and publish your website Make sure it works on all major browsers. Click through each page and feature on every browser to ensure images show up, links are correct, etc. Add into your website an analytics program. You can monitor page performance and determine success. 5. Develop your site Update your website frequently with blog posts on current industry events, new products and offers, and company news to keep visitors coming back to the site. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('cite')|","website"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"You just did. Either embed the site into relevant narrative as hypertext, or footnote it with a link to the site. Either way, you have indicated to the reader that the original material is not yours and is credited to a source other than yourself.","ou just did. Either embed the site into relevant narrative as hypertext, or footnote it with a link to the site. Either way, you have indicated to the reader that the original material is not yours and is credited to a source other than yourself. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","(source: www.citedwebsitedotcom, 2018) ^ inside the text bibliography and then add the full link to the domain/ URL Sorry, if this makes little sense - try going on WIKIPEDIA and seeing how they, at the end of each page, they reference websites or URL","(source: www.citedwebsitedotcom, 2018) ^ inside the text bibliography and then add the full link to the domain/ URL Sorry, if this makes little sense - try going on WIKIPEDIA and seeing how they, at the end of each page, they reference websites or URL |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Depends utterly on the format of your discipline. Are you trying to cite it APA format? MLA? Associated Press? Chicago Manual of Style? Turabian? LSA? They all handle such things differently.","epends utterly on the format of your discipline. Are you trying to cite it APA format? MLA? Associated Press? Chicago Manual of Style? Turabian? LSA? They all handle such things differently. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","It depends on the format you use. If you are using Chicago Manual of Style, you will use the abbreviation “ibid.” for the footnote, an abbreviation for Latin “ibidem,” meaning “in the same place.” If you are using MLA format, and you’ve already cited the source as (Smith 42), then quote or refer to material from the same source and page, you will cite it the second time as (42), leaving out the author’s name if it’s clear from context it is the exact same source. And on, and on, it goes, for a dozen or so different format types. Pro tip: if you ask on Quora how to cite something, mention which foContinue ReadingIt depends on the format you use. If you are using Chicago Manual of Style, you will use the abbreviation “ibid.” for the footnote, an abbreviation for Latin “ibidem,” meaning “in the same place.” If you are using MLA format, and you’ve already cited the source as (Smith 42), then quote or refer to material from the same source and page, you will cite it the second time as (42), leaving out the author’s name if it’s clear from context it is the exact same source. And on, and on, it goes, for a dozen or so different format types. Pro tip: if you ask on Quora how to cite something, mention which format you are using. That absolutely changes the answer.","t depends on the format you use. If you are using Chicago Manual of Style, you will use the abbreviation “ibid.” for the footnote, an abbreviation for Latin “ibidem,” meaning “in the same place.” If you are using MLA format, and you’ve already cited the source as (Smith 42), then quote or refer to material from the same source and page, you will cite it the second time as (42), leaving out the author’s name if it’s clear from context it is the exact same source. And on, and on, it goes, for a dozen or so different format types. Pro tip: if you ask on Quora how to cite something, mention which foContinue ReadingIt depends on the format you use. If you are using Chicago Manual of Style, you will use the abbreviation “ibid.” for the footnote, an abbreviation for Latin “ibidem,” meaning “in the same place.” If you are using MLA format, and you’ve already cited the source as (Smith 42), then quote or refer to material from the same source and page, you will cite it the second time as (42), leaving out the author’s name if it’s clear from context it is the exact same source. And on, and on, it goes, for a dozen or so different format types. Pro tip: if you ask on Quora how to cite something, mention which format you are using. That absolutely changes the answer. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('much')|","|pal:NRT('water')|","|pal:NRT('should')|","|pal:NRT('i')|","|pal:NRT('drink')|","	"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"You should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with Continue ReadingYou should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with pituitary or hypothalamic problems (even then, you can rely on the thirst mechanism to a surprising degree)people who purposely want to dilute their urine (e.g. kidney stones - especially those that contain urate)certain endocrine diseasesolder people in hot, dry climates (their regulatory mechanisms may fade with age)But for the average, otherwise generally healthy person, there is no rule other than to drink to quench your thirst! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** By the way, there is a lot of misinformation on the internet advocating various ideal amounts of daily water intake. Unfortunately, the US government helped start this by publishing water intake guidelines in 1945 - reflecting the mood in this country that diet and drink were scientific issues. Unfortunately, the guidelines published at that time failed to account for water in the food we eat, which is a sizable amount. So much for 1940s science ... but the bottled water companies sure loved it! Check out Danones public good-sounding Hydration for Health initiative: http://www.h4hinitiative.com/hydration-for-health-hub/ For a more objective look, check out: 1. Fact or Fiction?: You Must Drink 8 Glasses of Water Daily (reviewed in Scientific American) 2. Waterlogged? in the British Medical Journal: http://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4280.extract Cheers! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** NEWS FLASH: An international study of 5,604 people was just published in the prestigious journal Science (November, 2022) Their conclusion? “The current study clearly indicates that one size does not fit all for drinking water guidelines, and the common suggestion that we should drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water per day (~2 liters) is not backed up by objective evidence.”","You should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with Continue ReadingYou should drink as much as it takes to quench your thirst. Our thirst mechanisms are exquisitely fine-tuned feedback systems designed by millions of years of evolution. The main controller of body water - anti-diuretic hormone (ADH) - is so powerful that 1 picogram (yea - a millionth of a millionth gram) can change urine concentration by vast amounts (100 mOsm/liter, for those in the know). Nature doesnt let just any hormone or any feedback mechanism have such enormous power! So ... why not trust nature to guide you? I should say that there are some exceptions to the rule, including:people with pituitary or hypothalamic problems (even then, you can rely on the thirst mechanism to a surprising degree)people who purposely want to dilute their urine (e.g. kidney stones - especially those that contain urate)certain endocrine diseasesolder people in hot, dry climates (their regulatory mechanisms may fade with age)But for the average, otherwise generally healthy person, there is no rule other than to drink to quench your thirst! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** By the way, there is a lot of misinformation on the internet advocating various ideal amounts of daily water intake. Unfortunately, the US government helped start this by publishing water intake guidelines in 1945 - reflecting the mood in this country that diet and drink were scientific issues. Unfortunately, the guidelines published at that time failed to account for water in the food we eat, which is a sizable amount. So much for 1940s science ... but the bottled water companies sure loved it! Check out Danones public good-sounding Hydration for Health initiative: http://www.h4hinitiative.com/hydration-for-health-hub/ For a more objective look, check out: 1. Fact or Fiction?: You Must Drink 8 Glasses of Water Daily (reviewed in Scientific American) 2. Waterlogged? in the British Medical Journal: http://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4280.extract Cheers! *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** NEWS FLASH: An international study of 5,604 people was just published in the prestigious journal Science (November, 2022) Their conclusion? “The current study clearly indicates that one size does not fit all for drinking water guidelines, and the common suggestion that we should drink eight 8-ounce glasses of water per day (~2 liters) is not backed up by objective evidence.” |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ideal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid foContinue ReadingIdeal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid food but as per ayurveda anything which goes inside the body has to go through a process of metabolism. Water or any liquid is no exception to that. Just like excess food can do harm, so can water.  If say a XYZ person is not so hungry and can eat only two rotis and some dal. XYZ has an ordinary digestive strength and he happens to eat twice of his capacity. The result- stomach upset. Same is the story with water. When you are not thirsty, your body is not really in need of that extra amount of water and cant digest it that well. This extra amount interferes with the normal physiology (Water taken----&gt;Absorbed into the circulatory system in----&gt;taken to the kidneys----&gt;filtration-----&gt;formation of urine). When not in need, this is like an overload to the kidneys. It may sound crude, but its true. The result is- not all the water gets converted into wastes, leading to retention, weight gain and an early invitation to diseases like hypertension. Nowadays, hypertension is seen at the age of 25! This is crazy! Where can the cause be traced? Lifestyle? Yea.. True, but these basic rules regarding amount of food and water are also one aspect of your so called lifestyle. Long story short: Drink as much as your thirst allows you to. Hey..if you are thirsty and happen to drink 7-8 glasses of water every day, we dont have a problem. Just dont make it the other way round.","deal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid foContinue ReadingIdeal amount of water to drink each day is different for every person. I am against the widely proved law of ideal amount of water to drink per day i.e 7-8 glasses of water every day irrespective of your thirst. Dave Cheng has already given the link and I am also of the same opinion. The best indicator is your thirst. Ideally, drink water only when you are thirsty. Many people have the habit of gulping glasses of water one after the other even when they are not thirsty. There is a concept called digestion of water which many people are not aware of. All we think about is digestion of solid food but as per ayurveda anything which goes inside the body has to go through a process of metabolism. Water or any liquid is no exception to that. Just like excess food can do harm, so can water.  If say a XYZ person is not so hungry and can eat only two rotis and some dal. XYZ has an ordinary digestive strength and he happens to eat twice of his capacity. The result- stomach upset. Same is the story with water. When you are not thirsty, your body is not really in need of that extra amount of water and cant digest it that well. This extra amount interferes with the normal physiology (Water taken----&gt;Absorbed into the circulatory system in----&gt;taken to the kidneys----&gt;filtration-----&gt;formation of urine). When not in need, this is like an overload to the kidneys. It may sound crude, but its true. The result is- not all the water gets converted into wastes, leading to retention, weight gain and an early invitation to diseases like hypertension. Nowadays, hypertension is seen at the age of 25! This is crazy! Where can the cause be traced? Lifestyle? Yea.. True, but these basic rules regarding amount of food and water are also one aspect of your so called lifestyle. Long story short: Drink as much as your thirst allows you to. Hey..if you are thirsty and happen to drink 7-8 glasses of water every day, we dont have a problem. Just dont make it the other way round. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of waterContinue ReadingThis varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of water whenever you feel like. Just make sure to chug the water remaining in the bottle at 4 PM, and re-fill it.Take sips of water whenever you feel like, and chug the remaining amount of water at night before you go to bed.This works out to 2.5 Liters (82 ounces or 10 x 8 oz glasses) of water per day. No matter what your weight and body type or the season of the year, this is the MINIMUM amount of water you must consume every day.Any other liquids that you consume (coffee, tea, fruit juices, cocktails soda, water melon, oranges etc.) will be over and above the minimum amount of water that you will drink per day.If you practice this for one month, your skin will clear up, your bowels will become regular and you will find that you reduce the chances of contracting many conditions/diseases (gallstones, kidney stones, diabetes etc.).I appreciate any feedback from someone who has already tried this regimen. Thank you.","his varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of waterContinue ReadingThis varies for each person, and it also varies with the seasons. But here’s what I do…Buy a 1.0 Liter water bottle (appx. 33 ounces or 4 x 8-ounce glasses). This is a worthwhile investment, but you can also use a 1 liter PET bottle that you get when you buy bottled water (as long as you change it every month).Fill up the bottle with room temperature water first thing in the morning when you wake up. Drink half of it (1/2 liter) right away, and re-fill it. You can have your morning coffee or tea after this, if you like.Finish the re-filled bottle (1.0 Liter) by about 4 PM, taking sips of water whenever you feel like. Just make sure to chug the water remaining in the bottle at 4 PM, and re-fill it.Take sips of water whenever you feel like, and chug the remaining amount of water at night before you go to bed.This works out to 2.5 Liters (82 ounces or 10 x 8 oz glasses) of water per day. No matter what your weight and body type or the season of the year, this is the MINIMUM amount of water you must consume every day.Any other liquids that you consume (coffee, tea, fruit juices, cocktails soda, water melon, oranges etc.) will be over and above the minimum amount of water that you will drink per day.If you practice this for one month, your skin will clear up, your bowels will become regular and you will find that you reduce the chances of contracting many conditions/diseases (gallstones, kidney stones, diabetes etc.).I appreciate any feedback from someone who has already tried this regimen. Thank you. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","application"}, nil, {-0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"In todays fast-growing digital world, every business owner should have a mobile app. Coming up with good ideas for app development is simple, but getting answers to questions like how much does it cost to build an app and how much does it cost to maintain an app is difficult. Is it $3000 USD, $15,000 USD, or more? To be honest, I dont know the exact cost of app development. There are several factors that affect the development cost of creating a mobile app. And these factors vary from application to application. Birdmorning Solutions ( Top India App Developers (2022) For more information cContinue ReadingIn todays fast-growing digital world, every business owner should have a mobile app. Coming up with good ideas for app development is simple, but getting answers to questions like how much does it cost to build an app and how much does it cost to maintain an app is difficult. Is it $3000 USD, $15,000 USD, or more? To be honest, I dont know the exact cost of app development. There are several factors that affect the development cost of creating a mobile app. And these factors vary from application to application. Birdmorning Solutions ( Top India App Developers (2022) For more information connect with us on Email: info@birdmorning.com For example, it is a camera with some advanced features like advanced editing options, cloud storage, social media integration and more. They cost significantly more than simple cameras with custom filters. Likewise, the cost of creating an ecommerce app will be high compared to a simple file manager. Business owners are always wondering how to create an app and how much it costs to build one. Or mobile app development cost or cost to make app or mobile app development cost or app development cost breakdown or app development average cost. cool! Here is a fantastic formula for estimating the cost of developing an app. Formula to estimate app development cost The formula for estimating mobile app development costs is simply to calculate the total amount of time the development process will take and multiply it by the hourly cost of the development team. 6 Key Factors Affecting Application Development Costs 1) Choose a platform Choosing a platform for your application is an early step in determining development costs. For example, the client chooses a hybrid app or a native app. Hybrid apps can work on multiple platforms. However, native apps may only work on specific platforms. android application Most business owners like to invest in developing Android apps that are widely used worldwide. However, the development of Android apps is higher than that of iOS apps. Java requires many lines of coding, which in turn takes a lot of time to develop an app. Also, a lot of time is spent in the testing phase. iOS application An iOS application built using programming languages ​​such as Swift and Objective C, requiring less code than Java. As a result, costs and development time will eventually decrease. Hybrid apps (cross-platform apps) One of the best ways to reduce app development costs is to use hybrid apps. Whats curious about this app is that one set of coding is enough for multiple platforms. It lacks a few features and functionality, but its a good option for entrepreneurs on a limited budget. 2) App Complexity The complexity of an app obviously affects the cost of developing an application. The top-rated app development companies have divided app complexity into three categories. That is, simple applications with basic functionality, average applications with some advanced features such as payment options, UI, UX, etc., and complex applications with advanced features such as AR, VR, APIs. integration, etc. As the name implies, simple app development costs are low, average costs are high for medium-level applications, and typical app development costs are high. 3) App function Choosing which features to include in your mobile application is also a necessary step in estimating the cost of building your app. The market has hundreds of features that make the app even more useful. The most commonly used features in mobile apps are user login, creative UI/UX design, screen orientation, navigation, geolocation, Google Maps integration, app security, chat/messaging, in-app purchases, database connectivity, AR/VR support, Its a push. warnings, advertisements, Multilingual support and integration with payment gateway apps such as Paypal, Sagepay, MasterCard, eWay, World pay, and more. So, as with all included features, you should choose the ones that match and play a significant role based on your business needs. You will need to invest extra money. 4) Application Hosting Application hosting is a very important step in making your app live for users to download via the Play Store and App Store. Its also part of the app development cost, which is very difficult for business owners to invest in. You need to choose the perfect platform that satisfies various parameters such as backend API requests, bandwidth per MAU, and bandwidth per user. It also helps you receive good traffic. 5) App maintenance Updating applications is essential because it reminds end users that applications are constantly changing based on user needs. These app upgrades lead to new features that require a large investment. In addition, App Bug Fixes is also one of the major factors that increase the cost. No application would function without bugs. In most of the cases, bugs will appear after publishing the application. So, you should keep checking for bug fixes. 6) App Development Team The cost of developing an app also depends on whom you are hiring to develop and cost to make a mobile app whether it is a renowned app development agency or a Freelancer. Large-cap firms charge a high amount as they have thousands of employees to build and app know very well how to create an app from scratch, whereas a freelancer or an agency of around 10 team members will charge a less amount as they will take little more time than large-cap companies. if you would like to know more about Cost to develop mobile application or App Development Cost USA or How much does it cost to make an app or How Much Does It Cost To Develop an App or Mobile App Development Cost or Mobile app development cost estimate or How much does an app cost to build app or development cost breakdown or average cost of app development or android App Development Cost or ios App Development Cost or how much does an app development cost, then reach our one of mobile expert to guide you to know more. Conclusion – How Much Does It Cost To Create A Mobile Application? After reading the above factors, I hope you got clarity that there no exact figure to describe the cost of developing an app. However, you can hire the mobile app development team as per your business requirements by analyzing the aforementioned factors and can calculate the estimated cost for developing your app. High quality, relatively low prices and on-time delivery are what every business owner is looking for when hiring a mobile application developing agency. Birdmorning Solutions have an expert AI app development team to give you a correct estimate as well as build an app in your budget. We know this well, as we develop iOS apps, Android apps, AI apps and Web apps, for established firms and even startups across the world.","n todays fast-growing digital world, every business owner should have a mobile app. Coming up with good ideas for app development is simple, but getting answers to questions like how much does it cost to build an app and how much does it cost to maintain an app is difficult. Is it $3000 USD, $15,000 USD, or more? To be honest, I dont know the exact cost of app development. There are several factors that affect the development cost of creating a mobile app. And these factors vary from application to application. Birdmorning Solutions ( Top India App Developers (2022) For more information cContinue ReadingIn todays fast-growing digital world, every business owner should have a mobile app. Coming up with good ideas for app development is simple, but getting answers to questions like how much does it cost to build an app and how much does it cost to maintain an app is difficult. Is it $3000 USD, $15,000 USD, or more? To be honest, I dont know the exact cost of app development. There are several factors that affect the development cost of creating a mobile app. And these factors vary from application to application. Birdmorning Solutions ( Top India App Developers (2022) For more information connect with us on Email: info@birdmorning.com For example, it is a camera with some advanced features like advanced editing options, cloud storage, social media integration and more. They cost significantly more than simple cameras with custom filters. Likewise, the cost of creating an ecommerce app will be high compared to a simple file manager. Business owners are always wondering how to create an app and how much it costs to build one. Or mobile app development cost or cost to make app or mobile app development cost or app development cost breakdown or app development average cost. cool! Here is a fantastic formula for estimating the cost of developing an app. Formula to estimate app development cost The formula for estimating mobile app development costs is simply to calculate the total amount of time the development process will take and multiply it by the hourly cost of the development team. 6 Key Factors Affecting Application Development Costs 1) Choose a platform Choosing a platform for your application is an early step in determining development costs. For example, the client chooses a hybrid app or a native app. Hybrid apps can work on multiple platforms. However, native apps may only work on specific platforms. android application Most business owners like to invest in developing Android apps that are widely used worldwide. However, the development of Android apps is higher than that of iOS apps. Java requires many lines of coding, which in turn takes a lot of time to develop an app. Also, a lot of time is spent in the testing phase. iOS application An iOS application built using programming languages ​​such as Swift and Objective C, requiring less code than Java. As a result, costs and development time will eventually decrease. Hybrid apps (cross-platform apps) One of the best ways to reduce app development costs is to use hybrid apps. Whats curious about this app is that one set of coding is enough for multiple platforms. It lacks a few features and functionality, but its a good option for entrepreneurs on a limited budget. 2) App Complexity The complexity of an app obviously affects the cost of developing an application. The top-rated app development companies have divided app complexity into three categories. That is, simple applications with basic functionality, average applications with some advanced features such as payment options, UI, UX, etc., and complex applications with advanced features such as AR, VR, APIs. integration, etc. As the name implies, simple app development costs are low, average costs are high for medium-level applications, and typical app development costs are high. 3) App function Choosing which features to include in your mobile application is also a necessary step in estimating the cost of building your app. The market has hundreds of features that make the app even more useful. The most commonly used features in mobile apps are user login, creative UI/UX design, screen orientation, navigation, geolocation, Google Maps integration, app security, chat/messaging, in-app purchases, database connectivity, AR/VR support, Its a push. warnings, advertisements, Multilingual support and integration with payment gateway apps such as Paypal, Sagepay, MasterCard, eWay, World pay, and more. So, as with all included features, you should choose the ones that match and play a significant role based on your business needs. You will need to invest extra money. 4) Application Hosting Application hosting is a very important step in making your app live for users to download via the Play Store and App Store. Its also part of the app development cost, which is very difficult for business owners to invest in. You need to choose the perfect platform that satisfies various parameters such as backend API requests, bandwidth per MAU, and bandwidth per user. It also helps you receive good traffic. 5) App maintenance Updating applications is essential because it reminds end users that applications are constantly changing based on user needs. These app upgrades lead to new features that require a large investment. In addition, App Bug Fixes is also one of the major factors that increase the cost. No application would function without bugs. In most of the cases, bugs will appear after publishing the application. So, you should keep checking for bug fixes. 6) App Development Team The cost of developing an app also depends on whom you are hiring to develop and cost to make a mobile app whether it is a renowned app development agency or a Freelancer. Large-cap firms charge a high amount as they have thousands of employees to build and app know very well how to create an app from scratch, whereas a freelancer or an agency of around 10 team members will charge a less amount as they will take little more time than large-cap companies. if you would like to know more about Cost to develop mobile application or App Development Cost USA or How much does it cost to make an app or How Much Does It Cost To Develop an App or Mobile App Development Cost or Mobile app development cost estimate or How much does an app cost to build app or development cost breakdown or average cost of app development or android App Development Cost or ios App Development Cost or how much does an app development cost, then reach our one of mobile expert to guide you to know more. Conclusion – How Much Does It Cost To Create A Mobile Application? After reading the above factors, I hope you got clarity that there no exact figure to describe the cost of developing an app. However, you can hire the mobile app development team as per your business requirements by analyzing the aforementioned factors and can calculate the estimated cost for developing your app. High quality, relatively low prices and on-time delivery are what every business owner is looking for when hiring a mobile application developing agency. Birdmorning Solutions have an expert AI app development team to give you a correct estimate as well as build an app in your budget. We know this well, as we develop iOS apps, Android apps, AI apps and Web apps, for established firms and even startups across the world. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Android has 2.8 billion active users, so developing Android applications is a fascinating idea! This is because over 90% of Android applications on the Google Play Store are free. There are far more Android apps than iOS apps. This clear preference is evident given the size of Android users worldwide. MageSpider Infoweb Pvt. Ltd Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com App Development Cost : $3000 To $15500 Characteristic The cost of developing an Android app usually depends on the number of features you want to incorporate into your application and whether the features are sContinue ReadingAndroid has 2.8 billion active users, so developing Android applications is a fascinating idea! This is because over 90% of Android applications on the Google Play Store are free. There are far more Android apps than iOS apps. This clear preference is evident given the size of Android users worldwide. MageSpider Infoweb Pvt. Ltd Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com App Development Cost : $3000 To $15500 Characteristic The cost of developing an Android app usually depends on the number of features you want to incorporate into your application and whether the features are simple or complex. Standard features include those whose absence interferes with the use of the app. Complex features are not required, but are additional features that add to the user experience. Adding standard features is essential, but you dont need to add complex features. But if you want your app to be successful and have a larger audience and user base. This is worth the extra cost for the extra features! Or do a thorough research of your target audience to narrow down the features your app should include. This will keep your Android app development costs reasonable. high design complexity There is no secret behind the fact that when users first use your app, they judge your app entirely by its design. UI defines the visual appearance of your application, and UX describes how users navigate and interact with your Android application. So design is the most important aspect of designing an application for any platform! “Choosing between native UI design or customized UI design is another decision you must take that will influence the total cost of Android Application Development.” Native UI development uses pre-existing tools and templates, while custom UI involves drawing out the architecture and developing the UI from scratch. Of course, the native option will cost less, but it might yield the desired results. Customization Customization usually includes everything extra added that doesn’t come ready-made. Carrying out customization takes the time and effort of various experts. Naturally, this would drive up costs since these experts will come with an hourly rate. These extra hours of customization will increase cost, but it can be worth it if your users appreciate the customization and it leads to conversions. Because Android application development services are so popular, you won’t be disappointed by the unique additions that can be incorporated into the application. The best way to customize an application is to collect user data (seek user consent first) and then use this to give users a better and more personalized experience when using your Android application. Security &amp; Scalability App security is no longer an extra element in Android application development. It is a core element! The repercussions of user data breaches are dire! Hence, it is worth it to allocate a considerable amount of your budget towards securing your application against hackers and malware. Besides the basic features, any other security measures you are willing to include in your Android application will be welcomed. However, you can expect the final Android application development cost to also increase with higher security efforts. Certain aspects can improve your app’s security. User authentication can evaluate if the user is who they say they are not a case of user identity theft Enable communications from your app to servers using an HTTPS connection as it is more secure Utilize internal storage for sensitive data while. Externally stored data that is somewhat sensitive should be encrypted Validate user input well prior to launch Backend &amp; Frontend Technologies Apart from design and coding, there is the need to connect technology that works in the background to present what the user sees. For this to happen, getting the best backend and frontend for your application matters! Backend (Server-side) Involves all aspects going on behind the curtains to ensure smooth sailing. This includes storage, notifications, authentications, security, and communication. Basically, the back-end is crucial to the representation layer accessed by users. Frontend (Client-side) The front end represents what the user sees and engages with when accessing your application. It includes all the visual aspects of an Android application. The fonts, styles, and colors are all a product of front-end coding languages. While several options are available for the backend, you must choose the one that best suits your Android application. Luckily, you won’t have to choose a technology alone, as your Android app development company can guide you as to which technology is better. Choose from ready-to-use technologies or custom backend servers hosted on the cloud. Options for your app’s backend include: Amazon Web Services Amplify Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps Google Firebase Google app engine Amazon Web Services Custom cloud-based services can cost more but offer better services that will make a noticeable difference for users. How much does Android application development cost? The exact price of Android app development cannot be provided on the spot without understanding the client’s requirements. Even after this, costs could vary depending on extra resource requirements or last-minute additions.","ndroid has 2.8 billion active users, so developing Android applications is a fascinating idea! This is because over 90% of Android applications on the Google Play Store are free. There are far more Android apps than iOS apps. This clear preference is evident given the size of Android users worldwide. MageSpider Infoweb Pvt. Ltd Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com App Development Cost : $3000 To $15500 Characteristic The cost of developing an Android app usually depends on the number of features you want to incorporate into your application and whether the features are sContinue ReadingAndroid has 2.8 billion active users, so developing Android applications is a fascinating idea! This is because over 90% of Android applications on the Google Play Store are free. There are far more Android apps than iOS apps. This clear preference is evident given the size of Android users worldwide. MageSpider Infoweb Pvt. Ltd Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com App Development Cost : $3000 To $15500 Characteristic The cost of developing an Android app usually depends on the number of features you want to incorporate into your application and whether the features are simple or complex. Standard features include those whose absence interferes with the use of the app. Complex features are not required, but are additional features that add to the user experience. Adding standard features is essential, but you dont need to add complex features. But if you want your app to be successful and have a larger audience and user base. This is worth the extra cost for the extra features! Or do a thorough research of your target audience to narrow down the features your app should include. This will keep your Android app development costs reasonable. high design complexity There is no secret behind the fact that when users first use your app, they judge your app entirely by its design. UI defines the visual appearance of your application, and UX describes how users navigate and interact with your Android application. So design is the most important aspect of designing an application for any platform! “Choosing between native UI design or customized UI design is another decision you must take that will influence the total cost of Android Application Development.” Native UI development uses pre-existing tools and templates, while custom UI involves drawing out the architecture and developing the UI from scratch. Of course, the native option will cost less, but it might yield the desired results. Customization Customization usually includes everything extra added that doesn’t come ready-made. Carrying out customization takes the time and effort of various experts. Naturally, this would drive up costs since these experts will come with an hourly rate. These extra hours of customization will increase cost, but it can be worth it if your users appreciate the customization and it leads to conversions. Because Android application development services are so popular, you won’t be disappointed by the unique additions that can be incorporated into the application. The best way to customize an application is to collect user data (seek user consent first) and then use this to give users a better and more personalized experience when using your Android application. Security &amp; Scalability App security is no longer an extra element in Android application development. It is a core element! The repercussions of user data breaches are dire! Hence, it is worth it to allocate a considerable amount of your budget towards securing your application against hackers and malware. Besides the basic features, any other security measures you are willing to include in your Android application will be welcomed. However, you can expect the final Android application development cost to also increase with higher security efforts. Certain aspects can improve your app’s security. User authentication can evaluate if the user is who they say they are not a case of user identity theft Enable communications from your app to servers using an HTTPS connection as it is more secure Utilize internal storage for sensitive data while. Externally stored data that is somewhat sensitive should be encrypted Validate user input well prior to launch Backend &amp; Frontend Technologies Apart from design and coding, there is the need to connect technology that works in the background to present what the user sees. For this to happen, getting the best backend and frontend for your application matters! Backend (Server-side) Involves all aspects going on behind the curtains to ensure smooth sailing. This includes storage, notifications, authentications, security, and communication. Basically, the back-end is crucial to the representation layer accessed by users. Frontend (Client-side) The front end represents what the user sees and engages with when accessing your application. It includes all the visual aspects of an Android application. The fonts, styles, and colors are all a product of front-end coding languages. While several options are available for the backend, you must choose the one that best suits your Android application. Luckily, you won’t have to choose a technology alone, as your Android app development company can guide you as to which technology is better. Choose from ready-to-use technologies or custom backend servers hosted on the cloud. Options for your app’s backend include: Amazon Web Services Amplify Microsoft Azure Mobile Apps Google Firebase Google app engine Amazon Web Services Custom cloud-based services can cost more but offer better services that will make a noticeable difference for users. How much does Android application development cost? The exact price of Android app development cannot be provided on the spot without understanding the client’s requirements. Even after this, costs could vary depending on extra resource requirements or last-minute additions. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Developing applications is exciting but challenging. Especially if you are new to this process and have no idea how much it costs to create an app for your business. The truth is that no one can give you an accurate quote without learning about your company, business goals, app features, user flows, budgets, and more. Obviously, going into development work without thorough planning will not be successful. It brings you closer to success. This article describes the cost of developing an app and how to minimize it. MAGESPIDER - Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com Food Continue ReadingDeveloping applications is exciting but challenging. Especially if you are new to this process and have no idea how much it costs to create an app for your business. The truth is that no one can give you an accurate quote without learning about your company, business goals, app features, user flows, budgets, and more. Obviously, going into development work without thorough planning will not be successful. It brings you closer to success. This article describes the cost of developing an app and how to minimize it. MAGESPIDER - Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com Food delivery App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 Grocery delivery App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 Ecommerce apps ios &amp; Android App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 The cost of developing a mobile app can vary greatly depending on many factors. How much does it cost to create an app? According to Clutch, the average cost to create an app is $171,450, while a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) can cost between $10,000 and $20,000. These significant differences in app development costs depend on the complexity of the product, the density of features, the location of the vendor, the operating system or platform, and many other factors. We will consider all the criteria in more detail to determine how the cost of developing an app is combined. Factors that determine the final cost How much does it cost to develop a mobile app? What are the features that increase the cost of developing your app and how do you find the right vendor to save on service provider fees? Application type Let’s break down the application types and calculate their average cost. Basic app Basic apps like calculators, clocks, and small games are the cheapest applications to develop. These are solutions that do not require a network connection or backend development and take about a month to finish. Obviously, these kinds of apps are not very popular nowadays. Basic app development cost: $10,000 – 15,000 Examples: A classic To-Do application where users can write down all the things they want to accomplish. A quiz app that allows users to practice and test their knowledge by answering questions. Data-driven app Data-driven apps are, for example, calendars, maps, weather solutions, etc., that receive a lot of information, analyze it, and share it with users. These kinds of applications have been losing their value in the last few years and are mostly launched as byproducts. How much does it cost to develop an app that processes data? Data-driven app development cost: $15,000 – $20,000 Example: a simple calendar app Apps with user authentication and personalized data An example of an authentication app is a loyalty app where users have to log in to get access to the features. The application stores user data and shares information across devices. This is a more sophisticated and thus expensive project that will require user management. Authentication app development cost: $40,000 – $80,000 Social network app Social network apps are self-explanatory – Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. They have to handle millions of interactions, chats and allow users to share information. All of this requires a solid backend infrastructure and a larger investment. How much does it cost to make an app for social networking? Social network app development cost: $60,000 – $300,000. Example: Facebook eCommerce app eCommerce apps include Amazon, Alibaba, and other marketplaces. They require an extended list of features like user registration, social interactions, catalogs, product pages and descriptions, payment options, etc. The cost estimate that we provide is for a small eCommerce application. Simple eCommerce app development cost: $60,000 – $300,000. Example: EastBay On-demand service app On-demand apps like Uber or Grubhub connect service providers with end-users and satisfy people’s immediate needs. These types of apps combine the features of social network solutions and eCommerce applications and require significant funding. How much does it cost to make an app for on-demand services? On-demand service app development cost: $80,000 – $150,000. Example: Uber Marketplace app Applications like TripAdvisor are referred to as marketplace platforms that incorporate the functionalities of eCommerce and on-demand apps. Unlike eCommerce apps, marketplace solutions offer a variety of different services and provide immediate access to the service provider of the user’s choice. How much does it cost to develop an app for a marketplace? Marketplace app development cost: $150,000 – $300,000.","eveloping applications is exciting but challenging. Especially if you are new to this process and have no idea how much it costs to create an app for your business. The truth is that no one can give you an accurate quote without learning about your company, business goals, app features, user flows, budgets, and more. Obviously, going into development work without thorough planning will not be successful. It brings you closer to success. This article describes the cost of developing an app and how to minimize it. MAGESPIDER - Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com Food Continue ReadingDeveloping applications is exciting but challenging. Especially if you are new to this process and have no idea how much it costs to create an app for your business. The truth is that no one can give you an accurate quote without learning about your company, business goals, app features, user flows, budgets, and more. Obviously, going into development work without thorough planning will not be successful. It brings you closer to success. This article describes the cost of developing an app and how to minimize it. MAGESPIDER - Client Reviews - Clutch Rating: 4.7/5 Email : info@magespider.com Food delivery App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 Grocery delivery App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 Ecommerce apps ios &amp; Android App Development Cost : $3000 To $14500 The cost of developing a mobile app can vary greatly depending on many factors. How much does it cost to create an app? According to Clutch, the average cost to create an app is $171,450, while a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) can cost between $10,000 and $20,000. These significant differences in app development costs depend on the complexity of the product, the density of features, the location of the vendor, the operating system or platform, and many other factors. We will consider all the criteria in more detail to determine how the cost of developing an app is combined. Factors that determine the final cost How much does it cost to develop a mobile app? What are the features that increase the cost of developing your app and how do you find the right vendor to save on service provider fees? Application type Let’s break down the application types and calculate their average cost. Basic app Basic apps like calculators, clocks, and small games are the cheapest applications to develop. These are solutions that do not require a network connection or backend development and take about a month to finish. Obviously, these kinds of apps are not very popular nowadays. Basic app development cost: $10,000 – 15,000 Examples: A classic To-Do application where users can write down all the things they want to accomplish. A quiz app that allows users to practice and test their knowledge by answering questions. Data-driven app Data-driven apps are, for example, calendars, maps, weather solutions, etc., that receive a lot of information, analyze it, and share it with users. These kinds of applications have been losing their value in the last few years and are mostly launched as byproducts. How much does it cost to develop an app that processes data? Data-driven app development cost: $15,000 – $20,000 Example: a simple calendar app Apps with user authentication and personalized data An example of an authentication app is a loyalty app where users have to log in to get access to the features. The application stores user data and shares information across devices. This is a more sophisticated and thus expensive project that will require user management. Authentication app development cost: $40,000 – $80,000 Social network app Social network apps are self-explanatory – Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc. They have to handle millions of interactions, chats and allow users to share information. All of this requires a solid backend infrastructure and a larger investment. How much does it cost to make an app for social networking? Social network app development cost: $60,000 – $300,000. Example: Facebook eCommerce app eCommerce apps include Amazon, Alibaba, and other marketplaces. They require an extended list of features like user registration, social interactions, catalogs, product pages and descriptions, payment options, etc. The cost estimate that we provide is for a small eCommerce application. Simple eCommerce app development cost: $60,000 – $300,000. Example: EastBay On-demand service app On-demand apps like Uber or Grubhub connect service providers with end-users and satisfy people’s immediate needs. These types of apps combine the features of social network solutions and eCommerce applications and require significant funding. How much does it cost to make an app for on-demand services? On-demand service app development cost: $80,000 – $150,000. Example: Uber Marketplace app Applications like TripAdvisor are referred to as marketplace platforms that incorporate the functionalities of eCommerce and on-demand apps. Unlike eCommerce apps, marketplace solutions offer a variety of different services and provide immediate access to the service provider of the user’s choice. How much does it cost to develop an app for a marketplace? Marketplace app development cost: $150,000 – $300,000. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('make')|","|pal:NRT('an')|","app"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"If you want to come up with an app idea, the easiest way to do it is to combine a popular app concept with a service that already exists. For Instance:Uber (Real-time matching)Uber for bikesUber for plumbersUber for masseusesUber for car repairUber for picking up your kids at schoolYelp (Lists and reviews)Yelp for digital agenciesYelp for bars in midtown NYCYelp for babysittersYelp for uber-like appsYelp for high-end restaurantsSeamless (Delivery)Seamless for laundrySeamless for hardware store itemsSeamless for childrens toysSeamless for large industrial items (CAT vehicles, space shuttContinue ReadingIf you want to come up with an app idea, the easiest way to do it is to combine a popular app concept with a service that already exists. For Instance:Uber (Real-time matching)Uber for bikesUber for plumbersUber for masseusesUber for car repairUber for picking up your kids at schoolYelp (Lists and reviews)Yelp for digital agenciesYelp for bars in midtown NYCYelp for babysittersYelp for uber-like appsYelp for high-end restaurantsSeamless (Delivery)Seamless for laundrySeamless for hardware store itemsSeamless for childrens toysSeamless for large industrial items (CAT vehicles, space shuttles)Seamless for grocery shoppingSo.. theres 15 for you. Feel free to post some more!","If you want to come up with an app idea, the easiest way to do it is to combine a popular app concept with a service that already exists. For Instance:Uber (Real-time matching)Uber for bikesUber for plumbersUber for masseusesUber for car repairUber for picking up your kids at schoolYelp (Lists and reviews)Yelp for digital agenciesYelp for bars in midtown NYCYelp for babysittersYelp for uber-like appsYelp for high-end restaurantsSeamless (Delivery)Seamless for laundrySeamless for hardware store itemsSeamless for childrens toysSeamless for large industrial items (CAT vehicles, space shuttContinue ReadingIf you want to come up with an app idea, the easiest way to do it is to combine a popular app concept with a service that already exists. For Instance:Uber (Real-time matching)Uber for bikesUber for plumbersUber for masseusesUber for car repairUber for picking up your kids at schoolYelp (Lists and reviews)Yelp for digital agenciesYelp for bars in midtown NYCYelp for babysittersYelp for uber-like appsYelp for high-end restaurantsSeamless (Delivery)Seamless for laundrySeamless for hardware store itemsSeamless for childrens toysSeamless for large industrial items (CAT vehicles, space shuttles)Seamless for grocery shoppingSo.. theres 15 for you. Feel free to post some more! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('old')|","ariangrande"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Ariana Grande is 22 years old. She was born June 26, 1993.","riana Grande is 22 years old. She was born June 26, 1993. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ariana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped Continue ReadingAriana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped charts in America everywhere.  In 2014 Ariana returned to Nickelodeon to star in the Spin-Off Series of Victorious and iCarly, Sam and Cat. She stayed there only for 1 year because of her rising music career. Just 1 year after releasing Yours Truly, Ariana Grande released her second album My Everything. Soon she was topping charts and getting the cover of magazines and now has over 26 million Twitter followers. My Everything had 4 singles on the billboard HOT 100, Problem, Break Free, Love Me Harder, and One Last Time.","riana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped Continue ReadingAriana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped charts in America everywhere.  In 2014 Ariana returned to Nickelodeon to star in the Spin-Off Series of Victorious and iCarly, Sam and Cat. She stayed there only for 1 year because of her rising music career. Just 1 year after releasing Yours Truly, Ariana Grande released her second album My Everything. Soon she was topping charts and getting the cover of magazines and now has over 26 million Twitter followers. My Everything had 4 singles on the billboard HOT 100, Problem, Break Free, Love Me Harder, and One Last Time. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","21 yo, bday 26th June 1993, actress for Nickelodeon (Sam and Cat, Victorious) singer and songwriter, eg, break free, problem, baby I, bang bang,love me harder, on the way.......... The first entered broadway at age 13 and first aired on Victorious aged 16, Ariana is allergic to Shell-Fish, bananas and supposedly cats. Her fav fruit is strawberry and her fav junk snack is pop tarts. She was worth 4-5 million $ in 2014 and was MTV award winner for best single artist","21 yo, bday 26th June 1993, actress for Nickelodeon (Sam and Cat, Victorious) singer and songwriter, eg, break free, problem, baby I, bang bang,love me harder, on the way.......... The first entered broadway at age 13 and first aired on Victorious aged 16, Ariana is allergic to Shell-Fish, bananas and supposedly cats. Her fav fruit is strawberry and her fav junk snack is pop tarts. She was worth 4-5 million $ in 2014 and was MTV award winner for best single artist |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way!","Communicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluenContinue ReadingCommunicating fluently in English is a gradual process, one that takes a lot of practice and time to hone. In the meantime, the learning process can feel daunting: You want to get your meaning across correctly and smoothly, but putting your ideas into writing comes with the pressure of their feeling more permanent. This is why consistent, tailored suggestions are most helpful for improving your English writing abilities. Seeing specific writing suggestions based on common grammatical mistakes multilingual speakers make in English is key to improving your communication and English writing fluency. Regular feedback is powerful because writing in a language that isn’t the first one you learned poses extra challenges. It can feel extra frustrating when your ideas don’t come across as naturally as in your primary language. It’s also tough to put your writing out there when you’re not quite sure if your grammar and wording are correct. For those communicating in English in a professional setting, your ability to write effectively can make all the difference between collaboration and isolation, career progress and stagnation. Grammarly Premium helps multilingual speakers sound their best in English with tailored suggestions to improve grammar and idiomatic phrasing. Especially when you’re writing for work, where time often is in short supply, you want your communication to be effortless. In addition to offering general fluency assistance, Grammarly Premium now includes tailored suggestions for writing issues common among Spanish, Hindi, Mandarin, French, and German speakers, with more languages on the way.Features for all multilingual speakers Grammarly’s writing suggestions will catch the most common grammatical errors that multilingual speakers make in English. For example, if you drop an article or misuse a preposition (such as “on” instead of “in”), our sidebar will flag those mistakes within the Fix spelling and grammar category with the label Common issue for multilingual speakers. Most importantly, it will provide suggestions for fixing them. While these errors seem small, one right after another can make sentences awkward and more difficult to absorb. Eliminating them all in one fell swoop is a powerful way to put a more fluent spin on your document. Features for speakers of specific languages With Grammarly Premium, speakers of French, German, Hindi, Mandarin, and Spanish can get suggestions specifically tailored to their primary language, unlocking a whole other level of preciseness in written English. For speakers of those languages, our sidebar will flag “false friends,” or cognates, which are words or phrases that have a similar form or sound in one’s primary language but don’t have the same meaning in English. But now Grammarly Premium’s writing suggestions will catch these types of errors for you and provide suggestions on how to fix them. You can find these suggestions in the Sound more fluent category in our floating sidebar. Simply click on the suggestion highlighted in green, and voila, your English will be more polished and accurate.PS: Tailored suggestions for other language backgrounds are on the way! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"who","ariangrande"}, nil, {0.25,0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Ariana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped Continue ReadingAriana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped charts in America everywhere.  In 2014 Ariana returned to Nickelodeon to star in the Spin-Off Series of Victorious and iCarly, Sam and Cat. She stayed there only for 1 year because of her rising music career. Just 1 year after releasing Yours Truly, Ariana Grande released her second album My Everything. Soon she was topping charts and getting the cover of magazines and now has over 26 million Twitter followers. My Everything had 4 singles on the billboard HOT 100, Problem, Break Free, Love Me Harder, and One Last Time.","riana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped Continue ReadingAriana Grande is currently a singer producing killer songs that top the charts everywhere. She started off performing as an actress for the musical 13 with her friend Elizabeth Gillies. Grande and Gillies both auditioned for the new Nickelodeon show Victorious in 2009. They were both chosen for the roles. Ariana Grande was picked for the role of Cat Valentine. After 4 years on Victorious the show ended because the lead Victoria Justice wanted to pursue her own music career. Ariana packed a punch though. She released her first album Yours Truly in late 2013. The Way and Right There topped charts in America everywhere.  In 2014 Ariana returned to Nickelodeon to star in the Spin-Off Series of Victorious and iCarly, Sam and Cat. She stayed there only for 1 year because of her rising music career. Just 1 year after releasing Yours Truly, Ariana Grande released her second album My Everything. Soon she was topping charts and getting the cover of magazines and now has over 26 million Twitter followers. My Everything had 4 singles on the billboard HOT 100, Problem, Break Free, Love Me Harder, and One Last Time. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","21 yo, bday 26th June 1993, actress for Nickelodeon (Sam and Cat, Victorious) singer and songwriter, eg, break free, problem, baby I, bang bang,love me harder, on the way.......... The first entered broadway at age 13 and first aired on Victorious aged 16, Ariana is allergic to Shell-Fish, bananas and supposedly cats. Her fav fruit is strawberry and her fav junk snack is pop tarts. She was worth 4-5 million $ in 2014 and was MTV award winner for best single artist","21 yo, bday 26th June 1993, actress for Nickelodeon (Sam and Cat, Victorious) singer and songwriter, eg, break free, problem, baby I, bang bang,love me harder, on the way.......... The first entered broadway at age 13 and first aired on Victorious aged 16, Ariana is allergic to Shell-Fish, bananas and supposedly cats. Her fav fruit is strawberry and her fav junk snack is pop tarts. She was worth 4-5 million $ in 2014 and was MTV award winner for best single artist |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Ariana Grande is a celebrated American artist, musician and actress.Ariana Grande-Butera was born on June 26, 1993, in Boca Raton, Florida. Grandes pop-R&amp;B styles reached out on her third studio collection, Dangerous Woman (2016). Ariana Grande designated in 284 honors and she won 84 honors.","riana Grande is a celebrated American artist, musician and actress.Ariana Grande-Butera was born on June 26, 1993, in Boca Raton, Florida. Grandes pop-R&amp;B styles reached out on her third studio collection, Dangerous Woman (2016). Ariana Grande designated in 284 honors and she won 84 honors. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('crohn')|","|pal:NRT('disease')|","	"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today","The best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and eContinue ReadingThe best sales CRM system ultimately depends on your specific business needs and requirements and is one that can be adjusted and customized according to the specific needs of the business. As well as customization, the best CRM system, has other critical features and qualities - lets discuss them. Simple to use and easy to set up Most CRM’s are too complex and involve hours of training and technical expertise - often becoming time-consuming and costly. monday sales CRM is intuitive, easy to use, and easy to set up, so your team can get started immediately, without the help of an external and expensive IT expert. With user-friendly and customizable features such as 200+ pre-made templates, you and your team can immediately hit the ground running and focus on what matters most - growing your business and closing deals. Try out monday.com for free here.Customizable to fit your sales cycle Small businesses are unique and require a customized solution to fit their exact needs and requirements. However, most CRMs are rigid and predefined. With monday sales CRM, you can tailor and customize it to meet your specific needs without any development assistance, saving you time, resources, and money. With the ability to edit deal stages, customize columns, manage multiple pipelines, and more - you can design the perfect workflow. You can easily build customizable dashboards in real-time without development help to gain insight into where your deals stand, expected revenue, and your teams performance.User friendly interface monday sales CRM provides an intuitive and clean user interface that allows all of your team members to learn the system quickly, regardless of their technical skills or prior CRM knowledge. With intuitive and user-friendly visual features, color-coded statuses, drag-and-drop columns, pre-made templates, and more, monday sales CRM enables you to create workflows and processes to suit your unique needs, without knowing how to code. The platforms simplicity and straightforwardness make it approachable for users of all skill levels, regardless of their technical knowledge or prior CRM knowledge. Code-free When using a CRM, manually inputting data is a bottleneck for most companies as it’s time-consuming and sales reps often miss or forget to update information, resulting in lost information and lost deals. With monday sales CRM, simply automate repetitive and manual tasks - all without code. With no-code automations, reduce repetitive work so your sales team can actually focus on what matters - closing deals. You can automatically assign leads to reps, set reminders for upcoming activities, get notified when a lead opens an email, and more. So, whether your business owner, sales leader, sales team, or sales rep, monday sales CRM is the best sales CRM for you and your team. Try it to believe it. Start your free trial today |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Crohns disease is inflammatory disease of the bowel. It causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive tract. You will have severe abdominal pains. Diarrhoea. You will be tired all the time and have  unintentional weight loss and be chronically malnutririoned. There may be frank blood in your stools and you may even have sores in your mouth in the cheek tongue etc. Depending on which part of the digestive tract is involved signs and symptoms can range from minimal symptoms t severe symptoms Symptoms may be slowly progressive but can come about suddenly and severely.  I would suggest you go anContinue ReadingCrohns disease is inflammatory disease of the bowel. It causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive tract. You will have severe abdominal pains. Diarrhoea. You will be tired all the time and have  unintentional weight loss and be chronically malnutririoned. There may be frank blood in your stools and you may even have sores in your mouth in the cheek tongue etc. Depending on which part of the digestive tract is involved signs and symptoms can range from minimal symptoms t severe symptoms Symptoms may be slowly progressive but can come about suddenly and severely.  I would suggest you go and see a doctor if you have one or more of the above symptoms. Your doctor will do various tests and confirm or tell you that you do not have the diseasd depending on the results.","rohns disease is inflammatory disease of the bowel. It causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive tract. You will have severe abdominal pains. Diarrhoea. You will be tired all the time and have  unintentional weight loss and be chronically malnutririoned. There may be frank blood in your stools and you may even have sores in your mouth in the cheek tongue etc. Depending on which part of the digestive tract is involved signs and symptoms can range from minimal symptoms t severe symptoms Symptoms may be slowly progressive but can come about suddenly and severely.  I would suggest you go anContinue ReadingCrohns disease is inflammatory disease of the bowel. It causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive tract. You will have severe abdominal pains. Diarrhoea. You will be tired all the time and have  unintentional weight loss and be chronically malnutririoned. There may be frank blood in your stools and you may even have sores in your mouth in the cheek tongue etc. Depending on which part of the digestive tract is involved signs and symptoms can range from minimal symptoms t severe symptoms Symptoms may be slowly progressive but can come about suddenly and severely.  I would suggest you go and see a doctor if you have one or more of the above symptoms. Your doctor will do various tests and confirm or tell you that you do not have the diseasd depending on the results. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","|pal:NRT('does')|","|pal:NRT('lmao')|","mean"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"legal matters are obscene","legal matters are obscene |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","LigMA BOlls","LigMA BOlls |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )


pal:SetNewInfo( {"who","|pal:NRT('invented')|","internet"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"User-13460872222589120031s answer to Who actually invented the Internet? has most of this right. Bolt, Beranek &amp; Newman is the correct spelling for BBN. ARPANET was a homogeneous network. Steve Crocker led the development of the host protocols for ARPANET and formed the Network Working Group made up of many from the institutions funded by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to do research in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence. Bob Kahn was a key ARPANET architect at BBN but joined ARPA in late 1972. He initiated the INTERNETTING research program and I received funding Continue ReadingUser-13460872222589120031s answer to Who actually invented the Internet? has most of this right. Bolt, Beranek &amp; Newman is the correct spelling for BBN. ARPANET was a homogeneous network. Steve Crocker led the development of the host protocols for ARPANET and formed the Network Working Group made up of many from the institutions funded by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to do research in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence. Bob Kahn was a key ARPANET architect at BBN but joined ARPA in late 1972. He initiated the INTERNETTING research program and I received funding at Stanford University to work on the design of a system of heterogeneous networks. Bob and I wrote the first description of the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) in September 1973 and reviewed it with the International Network Working Group that I chaired and which was set up at the time of the first public demonstration of the ARPANET in October 1972 (Bob Kahn organized this with Larry Roberts encouragement). In May, 1974, the more formal paper on TCP was published in the IEEE Transactions on Communications.  There were many people who were involved in refining the TCP and splitting it into TCP/IP. The Internet Society has recognized many of them in its Internet Hall of Fame as pioneers. Jon Postel, Dave Clark, Bob Braden, Danny Cohen, David Reed, Noel Chiappa, and many others. There is a plaque at Stanford that references many who worked specifically on TCP in the first three years or so of the project from 1973 to 1976.  Also, I can confirm that Bob Kahn and I wrote a response to the unfair criticism of Al Gore which Kron has correctly identified.  You can find a copy of that response at http://amsterdam.nettime.org/Lists-Archives/nettime-l-0009/msg00311.html.","ser-13460872222589120031s answer to Who actually invented the Internet? has most of this right. Bolt, Beranek &amp; Newman is the correct spelling for BBN. ARPANET was a homogeneous network. Steve Crocker led the development of the host protocols for ARPANET and formed the Network Working Group made up of many from the institutions funded by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to do research in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence. Bob Kahn was a key ARPANET architect at BBN but joined ARPA in late 1972. He initiated the INTERNETTING research program and I received funding Continue ReadingUser-13460872222589120031s answer to Who actually invented the Internet? has most of this right. Bolt, Beranek &amp; Newman is the correct spelling for BBN. ARPANET was a homogeneous network. Steve Crocker led the development of the host protocols for ARPANET and formed the Network Working Group made up of many from the institutions funded by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to do research in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence. Bob Kahn was a key ARPANET architect at BBN but joined ARPA in late 1972. He initiated the INTERNETTING research program and I received funding at Stanford University to work on the design of a system of heterogeneous networks. Bob and I wrote the first description of the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) in September 1973 and reviewed it with the International Network Working Group that I chaired and which was set up at the time of the first public demonstration of the ARPANET in October 1972 (Bob Kahn organized this with Larry Roberts encouragement). In May, 1974, the more formal paper on TCP was published in the IEEE Transactions on Communications.  There were many people who were involved in refining the TCP and splitting it into TCP/IP. The Internet Society has recognized many of them in its Internet Hall of Fame as pioneers. Jon Postel, Dave Clark, Bob Braden, Danny Cohen, David Reed, Noel Chiappa, and many others. There is a plaque at Stanford that references many who worked specifically on TCP in the first three years or so of the project from 1973 to 1976.  Also, I can confirm that Bob Kahn and I wrote a response to the unfair criticism of Al Gore which Kron has correctly identified.  You can find a copy of that response at http://amsterdam.nettime.org/Lists-Archives/nettime-l-0009/msg00311.html. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There is an enormous difference in what we think the Internet is, and what it actually is like. Let’s clear that up first, and then we can go to who did what. What we actually see and interact with on our mobile phones, computers and tablets, all that are parts of the World Wide Web (WWW). Then again, we make use of the Internet to access the content on the World Wide Web. In a little more technoloContinue ReadingThere is an enormous difference in what we think the Internet is, and what it actually is like. Let’s clear that up first, and then we can go to who did what. What we actually see and interact with on our mobile phones, computers and tablets, all that are parts of the World Wide Web (WWW). Then again, we make use of the Internet to access the content on the World Wide Web. In a little more technological terms, Internet - The global system of interconnected computer networks, using the Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP) to link devices all around the world. World Wide Web - An information space where all the web resources are accumulated, accessible through the Internet. Now that you know the difference, it becomes pretty easy to find out who did the most important stuff here. Since the Internet runs on TCP/IP, we can conclude that the people who created those protocols can be credited as the inventors of the Internet. They are -  * Robert Elliot Kahn (also known as Bob Kahn), and * Vinton Gray Cerf (also known as Vint C...","here is an enormous difference in what we think the Internet is, and what it actually is like. Let’s clear that up first, and then we can go to who did what. What we actually see and interact with on our mobile phones, computers and tablets, all that are parts of the World Wide Web (WWW). Then again, we make use of the Internet to access the content on the World Wide Web. In a little more technoloContinue ReadingThere is an enormous difference in what we think the Internet is, and what it actually is like. Let’s clear that up first, and then we can go to who did what. What we actually see and interact with on our mobile phones, computers and tablets, all that are parts of the World Wide Web (WWW). Then again, we make use of the Internet to access the content on the World Wide Web. In a little more technological terms, Internet - The global system of interconnected computer networks, using the Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP) to link devices all around the world. World Wide Web - An information space where all the web resources are accumulated, accessible through the Internet. Now that you know the difference, it becomes pretty easy to find out who did the most important stuff here. Since the Internet runs on TCP/IP, we can conclude that the people who created those protocols can be credited as the inventors of the Internet. They are -  * Robert Elliot Kahn (also known as Bob Kahn), and * Vinton Gray Cerf (also known as Vint C... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('countries')|","|pal:NRT('are')|","there"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"There are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. ExaContinue ReadingThere are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. Examples: Greenland is under Denmark, Bermuda is under UK, Puerto Rico is under USA etc. There are some disputed territories which can’t be surely called to be a part of a specific country. Major examples include:Gaza Strip and the West Bank in IsraelParacel Islands occupied by China and claimed by Taiwan &amp; VietnamSpartly Islands claimed by China, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia and VietnamWestern Sahara in MoroccoAntarctica maintained by 7 countries - Argentina, Australia, Chile, France, New Zealand, Norway and UK","There are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. ExaContinue ReadingThere are 196 countries on the earth ! 48 in ASIA45 in EUROPE54 in AFRICA23 in NORTH AMERICA12 in SOUTH AMERICA14 in OCEANIA Now since China consider Taiwan as a breakaway province of China, many countries don’t consider Taiwan as an official country bringing down the number to 195 ! Among these 196 countries, 193 are members of UN (excluding Taiwan, Kosovo and Vatican City). There are 61 colonies, ruled by other countries. Those countries are: Denmark, Australia, Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, UK and USA. No of colonies under them are 2, 6, 2, 16, 3, 3, 15 and 14 respectively. Examples: Greenland is under Denmark, Bermuda is under UK, Puerto Rico is under USA etc. There are some disputed territories which can’t be surely called to be a part of a specific country. Major examples include:Gaza Strip and the West Bank in IsraelParacel Islands occupied by China and claimed by Taiwan &amp; VietnamSpartly Islands claimed by China, Taiwan, Philippines, Malaysia and VietnamWestern Sahara in MoroccoAntarctica maintained by 7 countries - Argentina, Australia, Chile, France, New Zealand, Norway and UK |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by SContinue ReadingThis depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by Serbia)Western Sahara, or the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic (claimed by Morocco)Taiwan, or the Republic of China (claimed by the People’s Republic of China)South Ossetia (claimed by Georgia)Abkhazia (also claimed by Georgia)Northern Cyprus (claimed by Cyprus)At 204, we add three more, those recognized only by other limited-recognition countries— Artsakh, or Nagorno-Karabakh (claimed by Azerbaijan); Transnistria (claimed by Moldova); and Somaliland (claimed by Somalia).The above is considered the extent of sovereign countries — governments that have exclusive political and physical control over their territories. In addition, there are territories who may have sole political control over an area, but themselves are controlled by a higher power, such as military defense or foreign relations. These include territories, possessions, and other dependencies. Countries with such areas include:Australia (Christmas Island, Cocos / Keeling Islands, Norfolk Island)China (Hong Kong, Macao)Denmark (Faroe Islands, Greenland)Finland (Aland)France (French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, New Caledonia, Reunion, St Pierre et Miquelon, etc.)Netherlands (Aruba, Curacao, Sint Maarten)New Zealand (Cook Islands, Niue, Tokelau)Norway (Svalbard)United Kingdom (Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, etc.)United States (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, etc)Some territories, like Cook Islands and Niue, even send independent representatives to UN bodies, and vote separately from their home governments. Most of these even have their own immigration/passport control (such as Guam or Hong Kong). Others may have their own currencies (e.g. French Polynesia or Bermuda).Then there are unrecognized countries. Many of these may fit the definition of nations (culturally distinct countries), but lack the definition as states (politically independent governments). Many, if not all, of these unrecognized states have current or historical pushes for independence:Balochistan (part of Pakistan)Biafra (part of Nigeria)Bougainville (part of Papua New Guinea)Cabinda (part of Angola)Cascadia (part of the US)Catalonia (part of Spain)Chechnya (part of Russia)Crimea (part of Ukraine, and for disclaimer sake, Russia)Donetsk [and] Luhansk (part of Ukraine)Darfur (part of Sudan)Kashmir (part of India, Pakistan)Khalistan / Punjab (part of India)Kurdistan (part of Iraq, Iran, Syria, Turkey)Oromia (part of Ethiopia)Pattani (part of Thailand)Quebec (part of Canada)Rojava (part of Syria)Scotland (part of the UK)Srpska (part of Bosnia and Herzegovina)Tibet (part of China)Veneto (part of Italy)Vojvodina (part of Serbia)West Papua (part of Indonesia)Xinjiang / East Turkestan (part of China)… and many more","This depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by SContinue ReadingThis depends on what your definition entails. The general answer is 193, the number of Member States of the United Nations. Each of these 193 countries generally have control over territory, and have an internationally recognized government. At 195, we add the two UN Member State Observers; the Holy See (Vatican City) and Palestine. At 201, we add countries with limited recognition, governments which largely control their own territory (politically and physically/militarily), and have external diplomatic relations, but lack official UN recognition. These six countries include:Kosovo (claimed by Serbia)Western Sahara, or the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic (claimed by Morocco)Taiwan, or the Republic of China (claimed by the People’s Republic of China)South Ossetia (claimed by Georgia)Abkhazia (also claimed by Georgia)Northern Cyprus (claimed by Cyprus)At 204, we add three more, those recognized only by other limited-recognition countries— Artsakh, or Nagorno-Karabakh (claimed by Azerbaijan); Transnistria (claimed by Moldova); and Somaliland (claimed by Somalia).The above is considered the extent of sovereign countries — governments that have exclusive political and physical control over their territories. In addition, there are territories who may have sole political control over an area, but themselves are controlled by a higher power, such as military defense or foreign relations. These include territories, possessions, and other dependencies. Countries with such areas include:Australia (Christmas Island, Cocos / Keeling Islands, Norfolk Island)China (Hong Kong, Macao)Denmark (Faroe Islands, Greenland)Finland (Aland)France (French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, New Caledonia, Reunion, St Pierre et Miquelon, etc.)Netherlands (Aruba, Curacao, Sint Maarten)New Zealand (Cook Islands, Niue, Tokelau)Norway (Svalbard)United Kingdom (Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, etc.)United States (American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, etc)Some territories, like Cook Islands and Niue, even send independent representatives to UN bodies, and vote separately from their home governments. Most of these even have their own immigration/passport control (such as Guam or Hong Kong). Others may have their own currencies (e.g. French Polynesia or Bermuda).Then there are unrecognized countries. Many of these may fit the definition of nations (culturally distinct countries), but lack the definition as states (politically independent governments). Many, if not all, of these unrecognized states have current or historical pushes for independence:Balochistan (part of Pakistan)Biafra (part of Nigeria)Bougainville (part of Papua New Guinea)Cabinda (part of Angola)Cascadia (part of the US)Catalonia (part of Spain)Chechnya (part of Russia)Crimea (part of Ukraine, and for disclaimer sake, Russia)Donetsk [and] Luhansk (part of Ukraine)Darfur (part of Sudan)Kashmir (part of India, Pakistan)Khalistan / Punjab (part of India)Kurdistan (part of Iraq, Iran, Syria, Turkey)Oromia (part of Ethiopia)Pattani (part of Thailand)Quebec (part of Canada)Rojava (part of Syria)Scotland (part of the UK)Srpska (part of Bosnia and Herzegovina)Tibet (part of China)Veneto (part of Italy)Vojvodina (part of Serbia)West Papua (part of Indonesia)Xinjiang / East Turkestan (part of China)… and many more |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","What is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define Continue ReadingWhat is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define a country. Is it a specific region, a government, a certain population size, or a combination of different factors? 2: Sovereignty and Recognition Sovereignty is an important factor in determining whether a political entity qualifies as a country. However, accreditation from other countries and international bodies also plays an important role. We will discuss how some regions strive for recognition while functioning as de facto states. 3: Membership of the United Nations and the country The United Nations is an influential international organization, and its member states are often considered to be a fixed list of countries. Well explore the importance of UN membership and the process for new countries to join.Counting Countries: Challenges and Variations 1: How many countries are there? The exact number of countries is a matter of debate due to variation in recognition and the evolving political landscape. We will explore the various calculations provided by various sources and the reasons behind the disparities. 2: List of 195 countries of the United Nations The United Nations recognizes 195 countries, each of which has its own seat in the General Assembly. Well break down the list and find out how it covers different countries, from huge countries with large populations to tiny island nations. 3: Non-UN recognized countries In addition to the UN list, there are also entities that seek recognition as countries despite not being part of the organization. Well look at some notable examples like Taiwan, Kosovo, and Palestine. 4: Micro-nations and self-proclaimed countries Interestingly, some individuals establish micronations—small, self-declared countries. Although these are not recognized internationally, yet they add a unique twist to the concept of nationhood. Factors Affecting Country Count1: Changing Political Scenario The world is not static, and political changes can affect many countries. We will look for examples of countries merging, dividing or gaining independence. 2: Role of History History plays an important role in the existence of countries. Boundaries were drawn and redrawn, empires formed and fell – these elements contribute to the complex landscape of modern nations. Note: In conclusion, determining the total number of countries in the world is not as straightforward as it may seem at first glance. With factors such as recognition, sovereignty and geopolitical changes, the count may vary. From the 195 member states of the United Nations to organizations seeking recognition, the diversity of the world is truly reflected in the complex map of nations. FAQs: Q1: Is the UNs list of countries fixed? The United Nations list is widely recognized, but it is not the only perspective. Some regions and organizations seek recognition outside the United Nations framework. Q2: Which are the unrecognized countries? There are entities such as Taiwan and Palestine that function as de facto countries but lack widespread international recognition. Q3: What is the role of historical empires in nation building? The rise and fall of empires throughout history affected the borders of many modern countries. Q4: Can one declare his land as a separate country? Although anyone can declare a micronation, gaining international recognition is a different story. Q5: How can political changes affect the condition of the country in the future? Political changes, such as independence movements, can lead to the creation of new countries or mergers between existing countries. Thanks for giving your valuable time. Follow World Sports News to read more interesting articles like this. Image Credit: Lara Jameson, Monstera, Mikhail Nilov","What is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define Continue ReadingWhat is the total number of countries in the world? In a world full of diverse cultures, languages and history, have you ever wondered how many countries actually exist on our planet? The concept of a country may seem straightforward, but the actual calculation is a bit more complicated than you might think. So, let us take a deep dive into this topic and find out what is the total number of countries in the world.Understanding Countries: A Complicated Matter 1: What can define a country? Before we can determine the exact number of countries, we need to establish what criteria are used to define a country. Is it a specific region, a government, a certain population size, or a combination of different factors? 2: Sovereignty and Recognition Sovereignty is an important factor in determining whether a political entity qualifies as a country. However, accreditation from other countries and international bodies also plays an important role. We will discuss how some regions strive for recognition while functioning as de facto states. 3: Membership of the United Nations and the country The United Nations is an influential international organization, and its member states are often considered to be a fixed list of countries. Well explore the importance of UN membership and the process for new countries to join.Counting Countries: Challenges and Variations 1: How many countries are there? The exact number of countries is a matter of debate due to variation in recognition and the evolving political landscape. We will explore the various calculations provided by various sources and the reasons behind the disparities. 2: List of 195 countries of the United Nations The United Nations recognizes 195 countries, each of which has its own seat in the General Assembly. Well break down the list and find out how it covers different countries, from huge countries with large populations to tiny island nations. 3: Non-UN recognized countries In addition to the UN list, there are also entities that seek recognition as countries despite not being part of the organization. Well look at some notable examples like Taiwan, Kosovo, and Palestine. 4: Micro-nations and self-proclaimed countries Interestingly, some individuals establish micronations—small, self-declared countries. Although these are not recognized internationally, yet they add a unique twist to the concept of nationhood. Factors Affecting Country Count1: Changing Political Scenario The world is not static, and political changes can affect many countries. We will look for examples of countries merging, dividing or gaining independence. 2: Role of History History plays an important role in the existence of countries. Boundaries were drawn and redrawn, empires formed and fell – these elements contribute to the complex landscape of modern nations. Note: In conclusion, determining the total number of countries in the world is not as straightforward as it may seem at first glance. With factors such as recognition, sovereignty and geopolitical changes, the count may vary. From the 195 member states of the United Nations to organizations seeking recognition, the diversity of the world is truly reflected in the complex map of nations. FAQs: Q1: Is the UNs list of countries fixed? The United Nations list is widely recognized, but it is not the only perspective. Some regions and organizations seek recognition outside the United Nations framework. Q2: Which are the unrecognized countries? There are entities such as Taiwan and Palestine that function as de facto countries but lack widespread international recognition. Q3: What is the role of historical empires in nation building? The rise and fall of empires throughout history affected the borders of many modern countries. Q4: Can one declare his land as a separate country? Although anyone can declare a micronation, gaining international recognition is a different story. Q5: How can political changes affect the condition of the country in the future? Political changes, such as independence movements, can lead to the creation of new countries or mergers between existing countries. Thanks for giving your valuable time. Follow World Sports News to read more interesting articles like this. Image Credit: Lara Jameson, Monstera, Mikhail Nilov |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('whiten')|","teeth"}, nil, {0,0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"Considering that you live a healthy lifestyle, brush your teeth regularly, dont smoke or use tobacco products, here I am writing some natural ways, which you can use and get result in time. Warning : dont do these experiments without your dentists permission, any tooth whiting process may lead to damage your teeth structure (enamel). Do only if you have urgent need. Diet: Coffee , red wine, soda Continue ReadingConsidering that you live a healthy lifestyle, brush your teeth regularly, dont smoke or use tobacco products, here I am writing some natural ways, which you can use and get result in time. Warning : dont do these experiments without your dentists permission, any tooth whiting process may lead to damage your teeth structure (enamel). Do only if you have urgent need. Diet: Coffee , red wine, soda and dark berries are infamous for staining teeth. I am not suggesting to avoid, you can use straw to prevent direct contact. Also avoid suger and sticky foods. Banana, pineapple, strawberry are good for your teeth, you can have them in diet. Also increase calcium in your diet. Lifestyle : Brushing regularly, flossing will prevent discoloration of your teeth. While smoking, using tobacco products, drinking cold drinks, will increase the discoloration. Ancient Remedy(Ancient India) : Add one small spoon of Turmeric with pinch of Rock Salt and one teaspoon of Mustered oil. Make a paste like consistency. Take it on your Brush, and apply on tooth for 2–3 minutes and rinse it off by lukewarm water. (It is recommended). Desi style(Indian remedy) : There is a effective for tooth whiting called, OIL PULL, To oil pull, put 1 tablespoon of coconut oil in your mouth and push and pull the oil through your teeth. Coconut oil is solid at room temperature, so you may need to wait a few seconds for it to melt. Continue the oil pulling for a full 15–20 minutes. It will kill the microorganisms in your mouth, pull out the particles causing tooth discoloration. You also use sunflower or sesame oil. Using the natural oil found in your ...","onsidering that you live a healthy lifestyle, brush your teeth regularly, dont smoke or use tobacco products, here I am writing some natural ways, which you can use and get result in time. Warning : dont do these experiments without your dentists permission, any tooth whiting process may lead to damage your teeth structure (enamel). Do only if you have urgent need. Diet: Coffee , red wine, soda Continue ReadingConsidering that you live a healthy lifestyle, brush your teeth regularly, dont smoke or use tobacco products, here I am writing some natural ways, which you can use and get result in time. Warning : dont do these experiments without your dentists permission, any tooth whiting process may lead to damage your teeth structure (enamel). Do only if you have urgent need. Diet: Coffee , red wine, soda and dark berries are infamous for staining teeth. I am not suggesting to avoid, you can use straw to prevent direct contact. Also avoid suger and sticky foods. Banana, pineapple, strawberry are good for your teeth, you can have them in diet. Also increase calcium in your diet. Lifestyle : Brushing regularly, flossing will prevent discoloration of your teeth. While smoking, using tobacco products, drinking cold drinks, will increase the discoloration. Ancient Remedy(Ancient India) : Add one small spoon of Turmeric with pinch of Rock Salt and one teaspoon of Mustered oil. Make a paste like consistency. Take it on your Brush, and apply on tooth for 2–3 minutes and rinse it off by lukewarm water. (It is recommended). Desi style(Indian remedy) : There is a effective for tooth whiting called, OIL PULL, To oil pull, put 1 tablespoon of coconut oil in your mouth and push and pull the oil through your teeth. Coconut oil is solid at room temperature, so you may need to wait a few seconds for it to melt. Continue the oil pulling for a full 15–20 minutes. It will kill the microorganisms in your mouth, pull out the particles causing tooth discoloration. You also use sunflower or sesame oil. Using the natural oil found in your ... |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","This takes time and commitment. I actually stopped doing this and now I regret it. Buy 3% hydrogen peroxide and after brushing, rinse your mouth out. Keep your head tilted forward and do not gargle as it tastes awful if you do. Do not swallow it either. It foams up so spit it out and then rinse with water throughly. You may want to keep your toothbrush handy as to give a quick brush to help remove the taste. After 3 months your teeth will be not just white but naturally white. Plus your gums will be hard and healthy. My Dentist told me this. It does work for sure","This takes time and commitment. I actually stopped doing this and now I regret it. Buy 3% hydrogen peroxide and after brushing, rinse your mouth out. Keep your head tilted forward and do not gargle as it tastes awful if you do. Do not swallow it either. It foams up so spit it out and then rinse with water throughly. You may want to keep your toothbrush handy as to give a quick brush to help remove the taste. After 3 months your teeth will be not just white but naturally white. Plus your gums will be hard and healthy. My Dentist told me this. It does work for sure |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )

pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('many')|","|pal:NRT('ounces')|","|pal:NRT('are')|","|pal:NRT('in')|","cup"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"A gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or somContinue ReadingA gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or sometimes refered to as a half-pint (ie, milk cartons). A cup of water is about 1/2 a pound (8 ounces). Equal to 16 tablespoons.1/32 gallon: Rarely used, sometimes called a gill in older recipes. This much water is about 1/4 of a pound (4 ounces). Equal to 1/2 of a cup (8 tablespoons).1/64 gallon: Almost never used, unofficially called a jack. This much water weighs roughly 1/8 of a pound (2 ounces). Equal to 1/4 cup (4 tbsp).1/128 gallon: Very common in use, called a fluid ounce (fl. oz., fl oz, or just floz), not to be confused with the ounce of weight. This amount of water is about 1/16 of a pound (1 ounce). Equal to 1/8 cup (2 tbsp).1/256 gallon: Tablespoons (tbsp) are used very often for small amounts of ingredients. This much water weighs about 1/32 of a pound (1/2 ounce). Equal to 1/16 cup, often divided into 3 teaspoons, or some other fractional.This system if measuring volume is probably the simplest for use in the kitchen. Easy to measure half of something by eye, all of that, pretty intuitive and clever. Interestingly, the gallon-cup-tablespoon relation can technically be expressed in hexadecimal. The whole thing (excluding teaspoons and such) can easily be represented in binary numbers. It seems like this system is perfectly fit for computers and people working with them. Cool huh? And, the pint-floz relation is close to the pound-ounce thing. Pretty useful for estimating weight of water or things of similar density."," gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or somContinue ReadingA gallon can be divided up in different ways, depending on your needs. Most often, its done in halves, quarters, eighths, etc, the easiest way to divide something.The basic divisions youll often encounter are:1/2 gallon: Also called a pottle, but most people dont know that, often calling it a half-gallon. This much water should weigh about 4 pounds (64 ounces). Equal to 8 cups.1/4 gallon: This is a quart. A quart of water weighs about 2 pounds (32 ounces). Equal to 4 cups.1/8 gallon: This is a pint. This much water weighs about 1 pound (16 ounces). Equal to 2 cups.1/16 gallon: A cup, or sometimes refered to as a half-pint (ie, milk cartons). A cup of water is about 1/2 a pound (8 ounces). Equal to 16 tablespoons.1/32 gallon: Rarely used, sometimes called a gill in older recipes. This much water is about 1/4 of a pound (4 ounces). Equal to 1/2 of a cup (8 tablespoons).1/64 gallon: Almost never used, unofficially called a jack. This much water weighs roughly 1/8 of a pound (2 ounces). Equal to 1/4 cup (4 tbsp).1/128 gallon: Very common in use, called a fluid ounce (fl. oz., fl oz, or just floz), not to be confused with the ounce of weight. This amount of water is about 1/16 of a pound (1 ounce). Equal to 1/8 cup (2 tbsp).1/256 gallon: Tablespoons (tbsp) are used very often for small amounts of ingredients. This much water weighs about 1/32 of a pound (1/2 ounce). Equal to 1/16 cup, often divided into 3 teaspoons, or some other fractional.This system if measuring volume is probably the simplest for use in the kitchen. Easy to measure half of something by eye, all of that, pretty intuitive and clever. Interestingly, the gallon-cup-tablespoon relation can technically be expressed in hexadecimal. The whole thing (excluding teaspoons and such) can easily be represented in binary numbers. It seems like this system is perfectly fit for computers and people working with them. Cool huh? And, the pint-floz relation is close to the pound-ounce thing. Pretty useful for estimating weight of water or things of similar density. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","A cup is a unit of measurement that typically holds eight ounces. However, there are variations in the size of cups depending on the country or region. For example, a UK cup is slightly smaller than an American cup."," cup is a unit of measurement that typically holds eight ounces. However, there are variations in the size of cups depending on the country or region. For example, a UK cup is slightly smaller than an American cup. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","One cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!Continue ReadingOne cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!","One cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking!Continue ReadingOne cup is eight ounces. That’s probably three quarters of what Cindy is holding here.So do you need a full cup of that ingredient to fix the dish you’re trying to make?Good luck at whatever you’re cooking! |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","There are 8 oz in a a cup. You would have gotten your answer a lot quicker with a simple Google search. Takes 2 seconds. I really shouldnt have even answered this. What is the reason for asking questions like this on here instead of a search engine like Google?","There are 8 oz in a a cup. You would have gotten your answer a lot quicker with a simple Google search. Takes 2 seconds. I really shouldnt have even answered this. What is the reason for asking questions like this on here instead of a search engine like Google? |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","|pal:NRT('belly')|","fat"}, nil, {-0.25,-0.25}, nil, nil, nil,{"Belly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insuliContinue ReadingBelly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insulin and glucagon can do it’s job and burn fat. The proof that hormones control fat storing and burning is common knowledge in the medical world and is not controversial. Yes there are hormones that control hunger and feeling full but in the end it’s all about being a fat burner or sugar burner. Don’t eat refined carbohydrates, sugars and fructose Yes without a doubt that’s all you need to do. It’s the most natural way the body works. The ketogenic diet works this way. High fat, low carb works this way and fasting (eating nothing for at least 16 hours per day every week or so) all work this way. They lower insulin levels and raise glucagon levels. Those that say it’s unhealthy to try ketogenic seem to be promoting the current western diet that gives you a 1–3 chance of either high blood pressure, obesity or diabetes. So I think we can assume that the ‘normal’ way to eat is actually not that healthy! Anyway I digress… To explain the Ketogenic diet in layman’s terms. Ketogenic comes from the word ketones, the fuel source the body uses instead of glucose. Be a fat burner not a sugar burnerGlucose burning is predominant as we live in a world of refined carbohydrates and sugars. But that’s not the natural way the body should run. When you eat meats (or protein from vegetables) and saturated fats you’re eating what the body is designed to eat. Quite simply you reboot your body to go back to being a fat burning machine.There are ZERO essential carbohydrates only essential fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.When you burn ‘ketones’ instead of glucose you are in ‘ketosis’ or put another way; you’re following a ketogenic lifestyle.People that say ‘it’s hard to follow’ have NEVER been in ketosis as once you are in it you have no cravings for sugary or carbohydrate high food. It’s the diet where you lose the most and keep it off longer.Studies that say you gain the weight back on ALWAYS state ‘when the patient returned to their normal diet’ so yes ‘you put weight back on if you go back to sugar and carbs’It’s not the point, following a ketogenic lifestyle is for life. In the first 4 weeks you’ll lose around 14lbs. Make sure you drink water with a pinch of pink Himalayan salt to replace lost electrolytes from all the water retention being released. You can exercise in ketosis and there are so many health benefits. Why it worksFat storage is regulated by insulin. A hormone. Not by the amount of calories you eat.When you eat the process starts insulin secreting from the pancreas (actually just before you eat)Insulin puts energy from the eaten food into your muscles for instant energy then……any excess goes into the liver as ‘stored energy’ and then…Further excess is put into fat cells.Simple. This process is accelerated by sugar and refined carbohydrates. If you eat high fat low carb then this process is slowed down. There is no big spike or ‘‘sugar-high’ basically less fat gets stored and the potential for fat to be burned is heightened. Fat does not spike insulin nor does moderate amounts of protein Hence less fat storage Fat burning The process above is reversed and when the body goes into ketosis it’s much easier to burn fat as there is a key to losing weight and that key is having low insulin. Glucagon the fat burning hormone only enters the blood stream in the absence of insulin (Guytons medical physiology textbook, edition 6) It’s a great way to be healthy and stop fat accumulation. Forget ‘eat less, move more’ no proven scientific merit. ‘Joslin’s medical textbook.’ ‘Calories in being less than calories out’ does not work as the body simply lowers its basic metabolic rate to try to keep fat on. Anyone that has lost weight by calorie deficit or eat less move more has done it because (not by design) they’ve lowered their carbohydrates by simply reducing all food. They didn’t need to lower everything! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! eBook: Stephen Thomas, Jane Thomas: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment &amp; more: Kindle Store Extra notes for those like loved this answer You don’t need to drink 2 litres of water a day for a start! Drink when you’re thirsty.if your urine is clear then you’re drinking too muchIf your urine is dark drink more fluidI’m illustrating that numbers are meaningless. Everyone’s basic metabolic rate can change by as much 40% on a daily basis so: Eat when your hungry. WEIGHTLOSS: It’s all about what you eat. I’ll use a silly example, let’s sayyou eat 1500 calories from salad andyour identical twin ate 1500 calories from chocolate chip cookies.Do you think you’d get the same outcome? This illustrates how ridiculous ‘‘calories in vs calories out’ is It’s also to highlight that calorie deficit is meaningless. So using a macronutrient mix is important, not calories. So two more examplesYou eat a mix of healthy high fats, moderate protein and low refined carbohydrates.Your twin eats bread, pasta, rice, crackers, potatoes, breakfast cereal, low-fat yoghurt, low or no sugar sodas, baked beans, avoids fats, has skimmed milk and tons of fruit.Result You will be lean but sadly your twin has a 1–3 chance of either type 2 diabetes, obesity or heart disease. If you doubt this please think about the global rise in the consumption of your twins nutrition choices and the global rise in those conditions. In the year 2000 the rise in ‘low-fat’ things took over. So although carbs dropped off sugar and fructose keep people getting fatter, along with those carbs! Remember there are tons of different names for sugar!It’s all down to insulin resistance. Insulin is your fat storing hormone. Keep it low and you won’t get fat. Even eating too much protein gets insulin working in the blood. Hope that helpsSource: Potential role of sugar (fructose) in the epidemic of hypertension, obesity and the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease","Belly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insuliContinue ReadingBelly fat is the same as any fat on your body. It’s all about the type of food you eat not the calories. It’s really simple and easy. A lot of people telling you to avoid sugar but not carbohydrates? Sugar is a carbohydrate. So just look at what type of food you eat and cut out refined carbohydrates, sugar and fructose and you will lose weight. No cardio, no running, no exercise. It’s ALL ABOUT YOUR BODYS FAT STORING REGULATION. How the body stores or burns fat. This process is controlled by two hormones (insulin and glucagon) that work like scales. Too much insulin and you’ll store fat, no insulin and glucagon can do it’s job and burn fat. The proof that hormones control fat storing and burning is common knowledge in the medical world and is not controversial. Yes there are hormones that control hunger and feeling full but in the end it’s all about being a fat burner or sugar burner. Don’t eat refined carbohydrates, sugars and fructose Yes without a doubt that’s all you need to do. It’s the most natural way the body works. The ketogenic diet works this way. High fat, low carb works this way and fasting (eating nothing for at least 16 hours per day every week or so) all work this way. They lower insulin levels and raise glucagon levels. Those that say it’s unhealthy to try ketogenic seem to be promoting the current western diet that gives you a 1–3 chance of either high blood pressure, obesity or diabetes. So I think we can assume that the ‘normal’ way to eat is actually not that healthy! Anyway I digress… To explain the Ketogenic diet in layman’s terms. Ketogenic comes from the word ketones, the fuel source the body uses instead of glucose. Be a fat burner not a sugar burnerGlucose burning is predominant as we live in a world of refined carbohydrates and sugars. But that’s not the natural way the body should run. When you eat meats (or protein from vegetables) and saturated fats you’re eating what the body is designed to eat. Quite simply you reboot your body to go back to being a fat burning machine.There are ZERO essential carbohydrates only essential fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.When you burn ‘ketones’ instead of glucose you are in ‘ketosis’ or put another way; you’re following a ketogenic lifestyle.People that say ‘it’s hard to follow’ have NEVER been in ketosis as once you are in it you have no cravings for sugary or carbohydrate high food. It’s the diet where you lose the most and keep it off longer.Studies that say you gain the weight back on ALWAYS state ‘when the patient returned to their normal diet’ so yes ‘you put weight back on if you go back to sugar and carbs’It’s not the point, following a ketogenic lifestyle is for life. In the first 4 weeks you’ll lose around 14lbs. Make sure you drink water with a pinch of pink Himalayan salt to replace lost electrolytes from all the water retention being released. You can exercise in ketosis and there are so many health benefits. Why it worksFat storage is regulated by insulin. A hormone. Not by the amount of calories you eat.When you eat the process starts insulin secreting from the pancreas (actually just before you eat)Insulin puts energy from the eaten food into your muscles for instant energy then……any excess goes into the liver as ‘stored energy’ and then…Further excess is put into fat cells.Simple. This process is accelerated by sugar and refined carbohydrates. If you eat high fat low carb then this process is slowed down. There is no big spike or ‘‘sugar-high’ basically less fat gets stored and the potential for fat to be burned is heightened. Fat does not spike insulin nor does moderate amounts of protein Hence less fat storage Fat burning The process above is reversed and when the body goes into ketosis it’s much easier to burn fat as there is a key to losing weight and that key is having low insulin. Glucagon the fat burning hormone only enters the blood stream in the absence of insulin (Guytons medical physiology textbook, edition 6) It’s a great way to be healthy and stop fat accumulation. Forget ‘eat less, move more’ no proven scientific merit. ‘Joslin’s medical textbook.’ ‘Calories in being less than calories out’ does not work as the body simply lowers its basic metabolic rate to try to keep fat on. Anyone that has lost weight by calorie deficit or eat less move more has done it because (not by design) they’ve lowered their carbohydrates by simply reducing all food. They didn’t need to lower everything! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! Step Away From The Carbs: The science behind weight loss, the recipes to make it happen. Beautiful colour pictures with breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and even drinks! eBook: Stephen Thomas, Jane Thomas: Low Prices in Electronics, Books, Sports Equipment &amp; more: Kindle Store Extra notes for those like loved this answer You don’t need to drink 2 litres of water a day for a start! Drink when you’re thirsty.if your urine is clear then you’re drinking too muchIf your urine is dark drink more fluidI’m illustrating that numbers are meaningless. Everyone’s basic metabolic rate can change by as much 40% on a daily basis so: Eat when your hungry. WEIGHTLOSS: It’s all about what you eat. I’ll use a silly example, let’s sayyou eat 1500 calories from salad andyour identical twin ate 1500 calories from chocolate chip cookies.Do you think you’d get the same outcome? This illustrates how ridiculous ‘‘calories in vs calories out’ is It’s also to highlight that calorie deficit is meaningless. So using a macronutrient mix is important, not calories. So two more examplesYou eat a mix of healthy high fats, moderate protein and low refined carbohydrates.Your twin eats bread, pasta, rice, crackers, potatoes, breakfast cereal, low-fat yoghurt, low or no sugar sodas, baked beans, avoids fats, has skimmed milk and tons of fruit.Result You will be lean but sadly your twin has a 1–3 chance of either type 2 diabetes, obesity or heart disease. If you doubt this please think about the global rise in the consumption of your twins nutrition choices and the global rise in those conditions. In the year 2000 the rise in ‘low-fat’ things took over. So although carbs dropped off sugar and fructose keep people getting fatter, along with those carbs! Remember there are tons of different names for sugar!It’s all down to insulin resistance. Insulin is your fat storing hormone. Keep it low and you won’t get fat. Even eating too much protein gets insulin working in the blood. Hope that helpsSource: Potential role of sugar (fructose) in the epidemic of hypertension, obesity and the metabolic syndrome, diabetes, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","I had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonatContinue ReadingI had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonated drinks, opt for home made smoothiesCut down your intake of carbs in a day to just onceAvoid bad carbs - like white bread, sugar, white riceOat meal, sweet potatoes and brown rice are good sources of carbsDrink alot of waterGreen tea in the morning helps to burn fatUse olive or coconut oil for cookingAvoid all sort of junk foodsYou are allowed to cheat on your diet once in two weeksVeggies and fruits are a must but be careful in take them in moderationMeasuring your the nutrients in your food using google so as to not exceed your required calorie per dayGoogle carb cycling - a nice dieting planMake eating healthy a lifestyleLifestyle modificationget up to 8 hours of sleep a dayBe active during the day timeWake up early morningWorkout early morningEat breakfast atleast an hour after you wake upHave encouraging family and friends aroundGet a patner whos willing to burn belly fatListen to motivational speeches and audio."," had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonatContinue ReadingI had a lot of fat belly but was able to burn them in 3 months. Workouts and diet modification Workout lift weight like four times a week - include compound lift like bench press, deadlift, squats, dips and over head press. These routines tend to burn more calories as the use multiple muscles at the same time. Doing cardio the right way - perfom HIIT ( High intensity interval training) . This trianing helps you burn fat for up to 48 hours after a single session. It usually takes less than 15 minutes to perform. Dietary modificationIncrease protein in take - eggs, chicken, lentilsStop takin carbonated drinks, opt for home made smoothiesCut down your intake of carbs in a day to just onceAvoid bad carbs - like white bread, sugar, white riceOat meal, sweet potatoes and brown rice are good sources of carbsDrink alot of waterGreen tea in the morning helps to burn fatUse olive or coconut oil for cookingAvoid all sort of junk foodsYou are allowed to cheat on your diet once in two weeksVeggies and fruits are a must but be careful in take them in moderationMeasuring your the nutrients in your food using google so as to not exceed your required calorie per dayGoogle carb cycling - a nice dieting planMake eating healthy a lifestyleLifestyle modificationget up to 8 hours of sleep a dayBe active during the day timeWake up early morningWorkout early morningEat breakfast atleast an hour after you wake upHave encouraging family and friends aroundGet a patner whos willing to burn belly fatListen to motivational speeches and audio. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Doing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a cContinue ReadingDoing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a calorie deficit and lose fat all over your body.A word of warning, belly fat, for a lot of people, is the last place the fat comes off. You may have to diet for weeks or months until you see what you’re looking for. Don’t get discouraged though! Just keep going.How do you eat in a caloric deficit? Here are a few steps,Buy a food scale (you’re going to need it).Use this calculator to determine the amount of calories you need to consume.When you eat, measure the food on the food scale. Use the serving size on the back of the food package to determine how many calories are in each serving.Write down how many calories you consume for each meal. But, don’t go over the amount of calories you’re supposed to be eating that day.Why don’t sit-ups work? As Tim Ernst said, it takes 22,000 sit-ups to lose 1 pound of fat, so they’re a waste of time. Also, because of the nature of the exercise, sit-ups/crunches are bad your back. The ab exercise to do instead. First, the function of the abdominals is to draw the ribcage and the pelvis toward each other (basically what happens during a sit-up). However, the problem with the sit-up is the line of resistance (biomechanics term for the direction the resistance is coming from). You see, a good exercise places the muscle’s function opposite the line of resistance. Learn More: What Beginners Ought to Know About Biomechanics If the resistance is coming from straight down, like it is on most ab exercises, the tension will only be on the muscle for a short period of time. To fix this, you need to do cable crunches in which the resistance is coming from behind you at a 45 degree angle. Here’s an example, Also, research says ab exercises that have a lower AND upper body component have a greater amount of stimulation of the abdominals. So how do we add a lower body component? Do the exercise standing as opposed to seated like in the pics above. You could also do cardio. IF you’re trying to drop fat as quickly as possible, doing some cardio is the way to go. However, I would suggest against running. Running isn’t nearly as good for health and fat burning as people think it is. The stress hormones increase to such a great degree during long distance running that it negates the benefits. Also, running comes with significant risk of injury.What to do instead? Use an ergometer for 5–20 minutes. The ergometer has no impact on the joints (like running does), so it doesn’t lead to injury. Also, research has found that ergometers (as well as cycling and rowing) are better at burning fat than standard jogging.  Building muscle will keep the fat off. When you have more muscle on you, your body will require a higher amount of calories to maintain said muscle. Therefore, you will be able to eat the same amount of food, but those calories will be partitioned toward maintaining the muscle you have instead of fat stores. Building enough muscle for this to occur will take years. But stick to it, building muscle will make your weight loss journey easier. Learn More: Research Based Body Part Guides - Learn what science says about getting swole","Doing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a cContinue ReadingDoing sit ups WILL NOT make you lose belly fat. Eating in a caloric deficit will. Also, “investing” in muscle building will help KEEP the fat off in the future. Stop doing sit-ups and do this instead. Eating in a caloric deficit, What does that mean? Eating in a caloric deficit refers to a concept called energy balance. Energy balance is the balance between energy you expend and energy you consume. Here’s an illustration to help you understand.Getting rid of belly fat is a matter of dropping your body fat percentage. Since you can’t spot reduce fat (lose fat in one place), you have to eat in a calorie deficit and lose fat all over your body.A word of warning, belly fat, for a lot of people, is the last place the fat comes off. You may have to diet for weeks or months until you see what you’re looking for. Don’t get discouraged though! Just keep going.How do you eat in a caloric deficit? Here are a few steps,Buy a food scale (you’re going to need it).Use this calculator to determine the amount of calories you need to consume.When you eat, measure the food on the food scale. Use the serving size on the back of the food package to determine how many calories are in each serving.Write down how many calories you consume for each meal. But, don’t go over the amount of calories you’re supposed to be eating that day.Why don’t sit-ups work? As Tim Ernst said, it takes 22,000 sit-ups to lose 1 pound of fat, so they’re a waste of time. Also, because of the nature of the exercise, sit-ups/crunches are bad your back. The ab exercise to do instead. First, the function of the abdominals is to draw the ribcage and the pelvis toward each other (basically what happens during a sit-up). However, the problem with the sit-up is the line of resistance (biomechanics term for the direction the resistance is coming from). You see, a good exercise places the muscle’s function opposite the line of resistance. Learn More: What Beginners Ought to Know About Biomechanics If the resistance is coming from straight down, like it is on most ab exercises, the tension will only be on the muscle for a short period of time. To fix this, you need to do cable crunches in which the resistance is coming from behind you at a 45 degree angle. Here’s an example, Also, research says ab exercises that have a lower AND upper body component have a greater amount of stimulation of the abdominals. So how do we add a lower body component? Do the exercise standing as opposed to seated like in the pics above. You could also do cardio. IF you’re trying to drop fat as quickly as possible, doing some cardio is the way to go. However, I would suggest against running. Running isn’t nearly as good for health and fat burning as people think it is. The stress hormones increase to such a great degree during long distance running that it negates the benefits. Also, running comes with significant risk of injury.What to do instead? Use an ergometer for 5–20 minutes. The ergometer has no impact on the joints (like running does), so it doesn’t lead to injury. Also, research has found that ergometers (as well as cycling and rowing) are better at burning fat than standard jogging.  Building muscle will keep the fat off. When you have more muscle on you, your body will require a higher amount of calories to maintain said muscle. Therefore, you will be able to eat the same amount of food, but those calories will be partitioned toward maintaining the muscle you have instead of fat stores. Building enough muscle for this to occur will take years. But stick to it, building muscle will make your weight loss journey easier. Learn More: Research Based Body Part Guides - Learn what science says about getting swole |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","lice"}, nil, {0,-0.5}, nil, nil, nil,{"This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd","This might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necesContinue ReadingThis might sound unconventional, but I’d go with blue-chip art. A Basquiat painting soared 2,209,900% when it was bought for $5,000 and sold for $110,500,000 in 2017. Obviously, you’ll probably never see results like that again, but these numbers still show that art can be a powerful financial asset. Also if you can find gains like that anywhere else let me know, because I’d like to see it. And here’s more reasons why blue-chip art is a solid option for 2023:It has the lowest correlation to equities of any major asset class according to Citi. This means if the market dips, this asset doesn’t necessarily go down with it.Contemporary Art prices outpaced the S&amp;P 500 by twofold since 1995, but still isn’t as well-known as stocks.WSJ is calling this “one of the hottest markets on Earth” because art transaction volume is at an all-time high.In fact, Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, just sold his art collection at auction for $1.6 billion — beating the record for the most expensive collection ever auctioned. One of the only major roadblocks to this asset class is that only the wealthy can afford it. Normal investors just don’t have $1 million lying around to buy a Picasso. But this changed in 2012 with changing regulations. It created increased flexibility for real assets like paintings to be securitized and allows everyday investors to invest in those shares. And a company called Masterworks has built the largest securitized art investing platform. So now investors can invest in famous artworks by the likes of Picasso, Banksy, and Basquiat. They’ve handed members +21%, +27%, and +32% net returns from some of their past offerings. Want to see which famous artwork is available? You can sign up right here.*“Net returns” refers to the annualized internal rate of return net of all fees and costs, calculated from the offering closing date to the date the sale is consummated. IRR may not be indicative of Masterworks paintings not yet sold and past performance is not indicative of future results. See important Reg A disclosures: Masterworks.com/cd |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Head lice are a common problem, and there are multiple commercially available hair oils, lotions, and shampoos to fight them, but if you have used one, you know that they cause side effects such as hair loss, a dry scalp, frizzy hair, etc. If youre tired of anti-lice products and dont want to use medication to get rid of these tiny monsters, here are some of the most effective home remedies to fight head lice:Garlic: Ayurveda suggests using garlic to get rid of lice.Take a few cloves of garlic and make them into a paste. Add a few drops of lemon juice to this paste and apply it to the roots oContinue ReadingHead lice are a common problem, and there are multiple commercially available hair oils, lotions, and shampoos to fight them, but if you have used one, you know that they cause side effects such as hair loss, a dry scalp, frizzy hair, etc. If youre tired of anti-lice products and dont want to use medication to get rid of these tiny monsters, here are some of the most effective home remedies to fight head lice:Garlic: Ayurveda suggests using garlic to get rid of lice.Take a few cloves of garlic and make them into a paste. Add a few drops of lemon juice to this paste and apply it to the roots of your hair. Let it sit for 1-2 hours, and then rinse it with a mild shampoo.Neem: Neem is claimed to be effective against lice and is also a part of many shampoos and oils that claim to get you rid of lice.Make a paste of neem leaves and apply it to your hair roots. Keep it for 15–20 minutes and rinse it with normal water.Jungli urad (Masha): It is an anti-lice remedy used in Ayurveda.Cook masha seeds on a low flame with sesame oil for a few minutes. Apply this oil to your hair roots for a few days to see results.Vinegar: Vinegar can help loosen the glue that holds the nits (lice eggs) to the hair shafts, making them easier to comb out.Mix equal parts of water and vinegar and apply it to the scalp. Leave it on for an hour and then wash it off with shampoo. It is also important to follow up with regular combing and hair washing to prevent them from coming back. If the problem persists, it is best to seek medical advice from a healthcare professional. Hope this helps. For more informative content like this, follow ZeméFresh😄","Head lice are a common problem, and there are multiple commercially available hair oils, lotions, and shampoos to fight them, but if you have used one, you know that they cause side effects such as hair loss, a dry scalp, frizzy hair, etc. If youre tired of anti-lice products and dont want to use medication to get rid of these tiny monsters, here are some of the most effective home remedies to fight head lice:Garlic: Ayurveda suggests using garlic to get rid of lice.Take a few cloves of garlic and make them into a paste. Add a few drops of lemon juice to this paste and apply it to the roots oContinue ReadingHead lice are a common problem, and there are multiple commercially available hair oils, lotions, and shampoos to fight them, but if you have used one, you know that they cause side effects such as hair loss, a dry scalp, frizzy hair, etc. If youre tired of anti-lice products and dont want to use medication to get rid of these tiny monsters, here are some of the most effective home remedies to fight head lice:Garlic: Ayurveda suggests using garlic to get rid of lice.Take a few cloves of garlic and make them into a paste. Add a few drops of lemon juice to this paste and apply it to the roots of your hair. Let it sit for 1-2 hours, and then rinse it with a mild shampoo.Neem: Neem is claimed to be effective against lice and is also a part of many shampoos and oils that claim to get you rid of lice.Make a paste of neem leaves and apply it to your hair roots. Keep it for 15–20 minutes and rinse it with normal water.Jungli urad (Masha): It is an anti-lice remedy used in Ayurveda.Cook masha seeds on a low flame with sesame oil for a few minutes. Apply this oil to your hair roots for a few days to see results.Vinegar: Vinegar can help loosen the glue that holds the nits (lice eggs) to the hair shafts, making them easier to comb out.Mix equal parts of water and vinegar and apply it to the scalp. Leave it on for an hour and then wash it off with shampoo. It is also important to follow up with regular combing and hair washing to prevent them from coming back. If the problem persists, it is best to seek medical advice from a healthcare professional. Hope this helps. For more informative content like this, follow ZeméFresh😄 |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"what","lice"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Lice is called as “pen” (പേന്‍) in Malayalam.Head Lice.Continue ReadingLice is called as “pen” (പേന്‍) in Malayalam.Head Lice.","ice is called as “pen” (പേന്‍) in Malayalam.Head Lice.Continue ReadingLice is called as “pen” (പേന്‍) in Malayalam.Head Lice. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Lice are obligate parasites, living externally on warm-blooded hosts which include every species of bird and mammal, except for monotremes, pangolins, and bats. Lice are vectors of diseases such as typhus.In Malayalam we call it pen (പേൻ).","ice are obligate parasites, living externally on warm-blooded hosts which include every species of bird and mammal, except for monotremes, pangolins, and bats. Lice are vectors of diseases such as typhus.In Malayalam we call it pen (പേൻ). |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","പേൻ.. pronounced as ‘Paen","പേൻ.. pronounced as ‘Paen |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Paēn","Paēn |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","‘പേൻ’ is the malayalam word for lice.","പേൻ’ is the malayalam word for lice. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('know')|","|pal:NRT('if')|","|pal:NRT('girl')|","|pal:NRT('likes')|","you"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"This is part where I give you an answer you dont like. You ask. Trust me, as much as Id like for there to be some behavior that would reveal with 100% accuracy that she likes you, that behavior doesnt exist. There was a girl I was interested who seemed to be giving so many signals that she liked me. I thought there was no way she would be giving all these signs unless she liked me. She didnt like me. All people are different, so what one hotel does when she likes you will be totally different than what another girl. Its the same with men. I have certain behaviors that would show I like a girlContinue ReadingThis is part where I give you an answer you dont like. You ask. Trust me, as much as Id like for there to be some behavior that would reveal with 100% accuracy that she likes you, that behavior doesnt exist. There was a girl I was interested who seemed to be giving so many signals that she liked me. I thought there was no way she would be giving all these signs unless she liked me. She didnt like me. All people are different, so what one hotel does when she likes you will be totally different than what another girl. Its the same with men. I have certain behaviors that would show I like a girl, but you wouldnt have all the same behaviors. Believe me, I know how terrifying it is to ask if a girl likes you. Ive done it multiple times and been rejected pretty much every time. It sucks. But for me it only had to work out once, which made every rejection worth it.","his is part where I give you an answer you dont like. You ask. Trust me, as much as Id like for there to be some behavior that would reveal with 100% accuracy that she likes you, that behavior doesnt exist. There was a girl I was interested who seemed to be giving so many signals that she liked me. I thought there was no way she would be giving all these signs unless she liked me. She didnt like me. All people are different, so what one hotel does when she likes you will be totally different than what another girl. Its the same with men. I have certain behaviors that would show I like a girlContinue ReadingThis is part where I give you an answer you dont like. You ask. Trust me, as much as Id like for there to be some behavior that would reveal with 100% accuracy that she likes you, that behavior doesnt exist. There was a girl I was interested who seemed to be giving so many signals that she liked me. I thought there was no way she would be giving all these signs unless she liked me. She didnt like me. All people are different, so what one hotel does when she likes you will be totally different than what another girl. Its the same with men. I have certain behaviors that would show I like a girl, but you wouldnt have all the same behaviors. Believe me, I know how terrifying it is to ask if a girl likes you. Ive done it multiple times and been rejected pretty much every time. It sucks. But for me it only had to work out once, which made every rejection worth it. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","The best way to be sure is if she tells you that she is interested. But often girls aren’t that straightforward, so I’ll give you a simple advice. Don’t beat around the bush. You should take the first step instead of interpreting her body language or subtle hints. It will save some valuable time. Let her know that you like her, do it as gently and as affectionately as you can, wait for her answer like a gentleman and if she reciprocates with a yes, that will leave you in no doubt, right?","The best way to be sure is if she tells you that she is interested. But often girls aren’t that straightforward, so I’ll give you a simple advice. Don’t beat around the bush. You should take the first step instead of interpreting her body language or subtle hints. It will save some valuable time. Let her know that you like her, do it as gently and as affectionately as you can, wait for her answer like a gentleman and if she reciprocates with a yes, that will leave you in no doubt, right? |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"how","|pal:NRT('rid')|","|pal:NRT('of')|","cold"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"Indian households have gained a reputation that puts them up in the list of home remedies that have been promoted and used for centuries to cure flu, influenza and summer fevers. Various homemade immunity booster drinks could help treat such illnesses:Turmeric TeaImmunity-Boosting Spiced TeaGinger and Apple Cider Vinegar SmoothieImmunity-Boosting Green JuiceGinger-Turmeric Immunity boosting tea (View recipe here)There are other home remedies like:Lukewarm Sponge BathConsuming Rice StarchApplying Sandalwood PasteDrinking plenty of warm waterYoga and breathing exercisesInhaling steamIf you want Continue ReadingIndian households have gained a reputation that puts them up in the list of home remedies that have been promoted and used for centuries to cure flu, influenza and summer fevers. Various homemade immunity booster drinks could help treat such illnesses:Turmeric TeaImmunity-Boosting Spiced TeaGinger and Apple Cider Vinegar SmoothieImmunity-Boosting Green JuiceGinger-Turmeric Immunity boosting tea (View recipe here)There are other home remedies like:Lukewarm Sponge BathConsuming Rice StarchApplying Sandalwood PasteDrinking plenty of warm waterYoga and breathing exercisesInhaling steamIf you want to know more about homemade drinks that can help, you can refer to our blog ‘Top 9 Home-Made Drinks to Strengthen your Immune System’. The blog discusses the benefits and the recipe of various homemade immunity booster drinks. However, remember to always consult your doctor if you have persistent symptoms.","ndian households have gained a reputation that puts them up in the list of home remedies that have been promoted and used for centuries to cure flu, influenza and summer fevers. Various homemade immunity booster drinks could help treat such illnesses:Turmeric TeaImmunity-Boosting Spiced TeaGinger and Apple Cider Vinegar SmoothieImmunity-Boosting Green JuiceGinger-Turmeric Immunity boosting tea (View recipe here)There are other home remedies like:Lukewarm Sponge BathConsuming Rice StarchApplying Sandalwood PasteDrinking plenty of warm waterYoga and breathing exercisesInhaling steamIf you want Continue ReadingIndian households have gained a reputation that puts them up in the list of home remedies that have been promoted and used for centuries to cure flu, influenza and summer fevers. Various homemade immunity booster drinks could help treat such illnesses:Turmeric TeaImmunity-Boosting Spiced TeaGinger and Apple Cider Vinegar SmoothieImmunity-Boosting Green JuiceGinger-Turmeric Immunity boosting tea (View recipe here)There are other home remedies like:Lukewarm Sponge BathConsuming Rice StarchApplying Sandalwood PasteDrinking plenty of warm waterYoga and breathing exercisesInhaling steamIf you want to know more about homemade drinks that can help, you can refer to our blog ‘Top 9 Home-Made Drinks to Strengthen your Immune System’. The blog discusses the benefits and the recipe of various homemade immunity booster drinks. However, remember to always consult your doctor if you have persistent symptoms. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","Add some Vicks to water and take steam it wil clear blockage if you have and have hot milk with one fourth spoon of turmeric and sinarest tablet for runny nose .","dd some Vicks to water and take steam it wil clear blockage if you have and have hot milk with one fourth spoon of turmeric and sinarest tablet for runny nose . |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
pal:SetNewInfo( {"when","|pal:NRT('do')|","|pal:NRT('babies')|","crawl"}, nil, {0,0}, nil, nil, nil,{"The English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web.","he English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new syContinue ReadingThe English language can be difficult to learn. Luckily, you can use five skills to improve your English vocabulary: reading, listening, writing, watching, and conversing.Reading Finding blog posts and reading about subjects you enjoy in English is a great way to familiarize yourself with new English words. Listening A fun way to expand your vocabulary is by listening to music for new words while immersing yourself in English-speaking popular culture. Writing Keeping a day journal in English is an easy way to expand your vocabulary—it pushes you to use new words. Grammarly can help you learn new synonyms and find the right word to communicate effectively. Watching A casual way to learn words is by watching movies. You get visual cues, while hearing how the word is pronounced. Conversation Speaking with others in English language study groups is a great way to commit to English-only conversations while learning new words. Ready to ease your English language transition with help writing more effectively? Sign up for a free Grammarly account today to access writing suggestions across Gmail, Linkedin, Twitter, Facebook, and most sites on the web. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","When s/he is ready. :) If you have concerns about your childs developmental milestones, you are best off consulting your pediatrician. Milestone charts you might find on the Internet can be interesting and insightful references, but youll drive yourself crazy if you use them like checklists.","hen s/he is ready. :) If you have concerns about your childs developmental milestones, you are best off consulting your pediatrician. Milestone charts you might find on the Internet can be interesting and insightful references, but youll drive yourself crazy if you use them like checklists. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.","When and if shes ready. Crawling is simply one of the more popular intermediate strategies babies work out for getting around before they can walk; some children, especially those who dont particularly like to spend time on their bellies, forego it in favor of scooting around on their bottoms, or, more rarely, walking around on their hands and feet like little gorillas. As long as by nine months or so your baby is starting to do something that can get them from where they are to where the toy they want is, I wouldnt worry too much. A delay in cruising ( walking sideways while holding on to sContinue ReadingWhen and if shes ready. Crawling is simply one of the more popular intermediate strategies babies work out for getting around before they can walk; some children, especially those who dont particularly like to spend time on their bellies, forego it in favor of scooting around on their bottoms, or, more rarely, walking around on their hands and feet like little gorillas. As long as by nine months or so your baby is starting to do something that can get them from where they are to where the toy they want is, I wouldnt worry too much. A delay in cruising ( walking sideways while holding on to stuff) is the one you have to worry about.","hen and if shes ready. Crawling is simply one of the more popular intermediate strategies babies work out for getting around before they can walk; some children, especially those who dont particularly like to spend time on their bellies, forego it in favor of scooting around on their bottoms, or, more rarely, walking around on their hands and feet like little gorillas. As long as by nine months or so your baby is starting to do something that can get them from where they are to where the toy they want is, I wouldnt worry too much. A delay in cruising ( walking sideways while holding on to sContinue ReadingWhen and if shes ready. Crawling is simply one of the more popular intermediate strategies babies work out for getting around before they can walk; some children, especially those who dont particularly like to spend time on their bellies, forego it in favor of scooting around on their bottoms, or, more rarely, walking around on their hands and feet like little gorillas. As long as by nine months or so your baby is starting to do something that can get them from where they are to where the toy they want is, I wouldnt worry too much. A delay in cruising ( walking sideways while holding on to stuff) is the one you have to worry about. |pal:GetEmotiveWord()| user.",}, nil, nil, nil )
